 Enough of that, because I've got some more important news for you. We know that the polls are tied, and I'm not going to bore you with the numbers, but we also know that states like Pennsylvania are absolutely critical to Donald Trump's chances of winning this election. So this news, just out of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, is really, really important. Now, here's what's going on. According to local officials, they have uncovered a plot that would have had, had it not been picked up, seen as many as 2,500 and possibly more fraudulent voter registrations entered onto the rolls just days before the election. And you know this is being because even major media outlets like NBC News are reporting on it. Apparently, what happened was this. Those were reviewing the personal information, identification and signatures listed on registration forms and found a whole bunch of inaccurate information, signatures that did not match the ones they had for the voters on file, and forms that were seemingly completed by the same individual with the same handwriting. Now, here's where it gets really worrying. The application forms were completed by paid canvassers as part of what the officials called a large scale canvassing operation dating back to June. And there may also be problems with registrations into other counties bordering Lancaster. Have a listen to what local district attorney Heather Adams had to say announcing the investigation. Good morning, everyone. District attorney Heather Adams. On Tuesday afternoon, I was contacted by Krista Miller, who is our chief clerk of elections regarding potentially fraudulent voter registration applications that had recently been received by her office. At that time, she informed me that the elections office received approximately 2,500 applications at or near the deadline for registering to vote. While preparing to process these applications, staff noticed that numerous applications appeared to have the same handwriting, were filled out on the same day with unknown signatures, and some were previously registered voters, and the signatures on file did not match the signatures on the application. Now it gets even more disturbing. Have a listen to this. Indicators of fraud included inaccuracies with the addresses listed on the applications, false personal identification information, as well as false names. A number of the applications also contained names that did not match the provided social security information. In some cases, applications contained correct personal identification information, such as the correct address, correct phone number, date of birth, driver's license number, and social security number. But the individuals listed on the applications informed detectives that they did not request the form, they did not complete the form, and verified that the signature on the form was not theirs. So just how bad was all this? At this point, it is believed that the fraudulent voter registrations are connected to a large-scale canvassing operations for voter registrations that date back to June. However, the majority of the applications received are dated August 15th and after. Those canvassing for voter registrations were employed and paid to obtain voter registration applications. Thus far, of the investigations that we have completed, we have determined that 60% have been fraudulent. That is of the investigations that we've completed. This is, to say the least, an awful lot of strengthening democracy, as the left likes to say. And while we don't yet know who was behind this, officials have announced that this was an outside organizing group that was collecting the registrations with the polls on a knife edge. This is really disturbing stuff. Again, we don't know what group did this. We don't know why, what side they were, what their affiliation was. But whatever it was, it's not great. But I do want to end on a happier note here for everybody who is concerned about election integrity. Because while this scheme has been uncovered, and who knows how many more like this are out there and might be running, the courts this week have granted a great blow for election integrity. In the last 48 hours, the U.S. Fifth Circuit Court has ruled that ballots, and I know that this is a shocking idea, that ballots, guess what, have to arrive on or before election day to be counted. Shocking stuff. According to the ruling, federal law requires voters to take timely steps to vote by election day. Judge Andrew S. Oldham wrote for the unanimous panel, and federal law does not permit the state of Mississippi, where this judgment was first made, to extend the period for voting by one day, five days, or 100 days, unquote. Now again, this case was in Mississippi, but it will have big implications for states like Nevada, which is really important, as well as Texas, which have similar laws allowing late ballots to be counted after polling day. This my friends, is a huge win, I think, for everyone who truly believes in democracy. In the meantime, not long to go now.