 And we also have new polling out of Arizona. Let's bring in CBS News executive director of elections and surveys, Anthony Salvanto. All right, Anthony, I've been so curious about what this new polling is finding in Arizona. Where does the race stand here? Hey there, Caitlin. Let's head to a southern battleground state, right? So here we have Trump at plus three in Arizona. But what's really interesting about the state is that you've got at least three really interesting races and we're here to show you they're all a little bit different. This is the presidential and let me show you the issues and the way that Donald Trump has an advantage for people who say both the economy and the border. Look at the size of that advantage, right? It's almost eight and 10 for Donald Trump, who said the border is a major factor. Couple of things that stand out behind that, right? One is straight up on policy, more of these voters think that Donald Trump's policies, if he wins seven and 10, would decrease border crossings. But then, you know, he's talked about on the campaign trail this idea of deporting all folks who are in the U.S. illegally. And look at the number of Trump voters in Arizona who support that idea, at least in principle, 93 percent. So that's behind partly of his lead. But I want to show you this too, because abortion is also on the ballot here, the right to abortion. That is actually leading at 52 percent. It's running ahead of Kamala Harris. One reason for that, although the votes for her and for that are connected in some way, and you might think, well, she has a big advantage because she does on the issue for people who say it's a major factor. But this is what's limiting. The perception among voters, among a slight majority of voters that were Donald Trump to win, he would leave abortion up to the states. And I suspect that if the Harris campaign is successful at moving the needle on the issue, that that's the number to watch. As long as the majority still thinks that Trump would leave abortion to the states, as opposed to trying to pass a national abortion ban, then maybe she becomes limited in how far that issue can take her, even with that proposition on the ballot. Yeah, that's a question we've had in Arizona and other states where ballot measures are on the same ballot as the presidential race. Anthony, that's fascinating data there. Also in Arizona, I know we've been talking about the presidential race, but they have a really key Senate race there between Ruben Gallego, who's a current congressman, and Kerry Lake, the Republican. What's the latest there? I got to show you this. Gallego with a much more sizable lead here, the largest of the two, he's running ahead of Kamala Harris, right? And he's running well ahead of Kerry Lake. Couple of things here that really strike you. One is we do this measure we have for a few years of which candidate you think you describe as reasonable or extreme. And look at the split here, just in general. Now, of course, different things that can mean different things to different people, but Gallego at 60, reasonable, and Lake at almost 60 as extreme. And then this part, which somewhat relates to it, right? The people who are voting for Donald Trump and the presidential majority of them say it's because they like Donald Trump. But Lake's vote here is much more spread out, including a lot who say they're because there she's the party nominee and fewer who say because they like the candidate in particular, which again helps explain why Lake is running so much behind Donald Trump right now. That is a very interesting dynamic to watch and whether that gap closes as we get closer. Anthony Salvanto, as always, thank you for bringing this to us.