 Absolutely 100% Donald J. Trump. Oh, Kamala Harris, absolutely. I am undecided for this election. We are in a new position, in this election, in this election of the military that we have here in the United States. We are going to record for one of the best elections for a super-clap. Donald Trump or Kamala Harris? What do you think? Donald Trump or Kamala Harris? Kamala Harris. Why? I think it's obvious why. Donald Trump all the way, 100%. I'm voting Green Party. I'm Jill Stein. Absolutely 100% Donald J. Trump. I don't really like Donald Trump. I feel like having a woman in office will make the, like... will make reproduction rights more available for women. I don't think Trump or Harris stand for a kind of change I want to see in the country. Free healthcare and stopping the genocide in Gaza. Close our border right now. And we're emptying out jail cells in Venezuela and all over South America, and they're coming into our country. And these are murderers. These are people that have killed people, unvetted. The simple answer is just wanting to move on. It's just... I just think... the craziness from Trump and what he is kind of bringing to the table for over a decade now, I think it's time to move on. I am undecided for this election. Economically, I think that Trump is a good candidate, and then I think that... for more social dynamics, I think that Kamala is a good candidate. So I'm kind of on both ends right now. Yeah, definitely Donald Trump. First of all, obviously everything is very expensive, and I want to be able to at least buy a house in the future and have a future and have family and everything, and just with Donald Trump and then obviously all the immigration and everything. Well, I don't agree with Democratic or Republican. I think it's a pick your poison and I don't think a felon should be in office. Trump, hands down. Why? I believe in America and we need to get our country back. It's falling apart. Oh Kamala Harris, absolutely. I think that I wouldn't vote for Trump no matter who was running against him. I think that he, quite honestly, as a psychologist, I think that he's a danger to democracy. It's not Kamala Harris. I still will say that. I just don't approve of her views on Israel. I am neutral, so they both have good. I think everything is just rising and the wages aren't rising at all. So I think somebody has to do something about that. Immigration, I think, is number one on everybody's mind right now. It is a big deal. On immigration, why do you support Kamala Harris? I think that she seems to have a reasonable approach to a pathway to citizenship. I would like to direct you to our next meeting. I'm going for Trump. I'm Donald Trump. Kamala Harris. The past three years has been kind of crazy and I really believe that he's going to straighten up this world. I know we need him. I'm a middle class person and I think that she will do good for us to help us gain more effort in our income. Immigration, I think they both need to work on their policies. I think we can find something that works for the American people. I think it's a lot better for Spanish people.