 Vice President Kamala Harris paid a visit to Metro Detroit last night. The campaign is really in fast forward. We do know she spent part of the visit greeting United Auto Workers membership, including President Sean Fain. We also know that there are thousands of uncommitted voters who have a lot of questions for the Harris-Walls campaign. I'm optimistic and hopeful that the Harris-Walls campaign will engage and share a platform and a vision that is pro-peace anti-war and stops the bombing of innocent men, women, and children in Gaza. Today we're talking with Representative Abraham Ayash. He represents the 9th House District in Michigan, and he's also the majority floor leader for House Democrats in Lansing. Ayash was one of the thousands of people who voted uncommitted in the presidential primary rather than support President Biden. He joined us to talk about what he needs to take Kamala Harris's campaign seriously. This is Stateside. I'm April Baer. Abraham Ayash, welcome back to Stateside. Thank you for having me. I want to talk about the new ticket, but before we do that, may I just ask what your reaction was when you first heard that Joe Biden was going to step away from his reelection campaign? I was shocked quite frankly. I just did not think that that would happen, but this has been one hell of a news cycle in the political stratosphere, but you know, seeing that he stepped down, I thought there was an opportunity for the party to shift course and hopefully rebuild the coalition that helped deliver the election in 2020. No question. You know, for some voters who went uncommitted in February, largely because of their concerns about what's going on in Gaza and with Israel, this was kind of a tough moment seeing Joe Biden step away. While obviously uncommitted voters felt that the Biden administration had not taken satisfactory measures in Gaza, at least the issue was very much on the table and in the public eye because of the advocacy that has happened really over the past several years, but culminating in the past eight months. Did you ever worry that the next person in line for the Democratic nomination for president would be unaware or would be able to discount uncommitted voters concerns? I think in the shadow of nearly 50,000 dead millions displaced and almost 100% of the civilian infrastructure destroyed, it would be hard to not understand or recognize this issue, especially when the United States is aiding and abetting the genocidal actions by the Israeli occupation forces. So I think it's an important opportunity for the party to listen to the calls of the people that were advancing a pro-peace antiwar message. The folks that were asking for no more bombing and individuals saying the United States should not be complicit in the killing of innocent men, women and children. Unfortunately, we did not see President Biden heed those calls over the course of several months. And now we have an opportunity to have a meaningful course correction and change the tune on how we look at this particular crisis that has resulted in more women and children dying than at any other point since World War II. That said, what's your impression of how Vice President Kamala Harris has positioned herself on policies toward the Palestinian people in Israel? I think the verdict is still out. We don't know what tangible shifts we're going to see from a Harris-Waltz administration, but we are optimistic that there will be conversations and that the conversations will lead to meaningful impacts and changes and shifts. And I think that Vice President Harris has shown to be more compassionate and more willing to listen. Governor Waltz has certainly demonstrated that. You know, I look back to his comments to the uncommitted campaign. I look back to his perspective on the ceasefire. But we want to see that translate into action. So I think this is an opportunity and a fresh moment to reassess this particular crisis and see how we can move forward as a party. This is the chance to unite and this is the chance to move forward. So Vice President Harris is a bit more of a known commodity, albeit she was not steering the entirety of foreign policy for the Biden administration, but she certainly has spoken publicly on these matters, especially within the past year. Tim Walz is something less of a known commodity to voters. Can you tell us a little bit about what you know of him? I have a lot of friends in Minnesota, namely in the Somali-American community. And what I will tell you is he's someone that has shown a propensity to stay engaged, to listen and is one person that leads with compassion. So I think if nothing else, he will bring that element of compassion and a willingness to engage in conversation. And hopefully that translates into policy. So we are going to push for accountability, push for policy changes and push for a platform that dignifies the lives of Palestinian people. And, you know, this is a moment where we can actually use this and build the coalition of young people, of those folks that voted uncommitted, of Muslim Americans, of Arab Americans, of people all across the country who have been pushing for a pro-peace anti-war movement. And, you know, I'll say this, when you look at what happened in Michigan in February, this is a state that the inches matter when it comes to a presidential campaign. Ten points is a lot of votes and not to make this explicitly about electoral impact, but it is my hope that recognizing the importance of electing a new leadership, that we are mindful of that when we are engaging in our politics. We need to take a break when we come back. I think there's a chance for us to course correct in this moment, certainly before the convention. More with Representative Abraham Ayash in a moment. Support for Michigan Public's stateside podcast comes from Lake Trust Credit Union. Working to empower financial well-being for Michigan consumers, businesses and communities. Committed to financial solutions and advice to support people and families. More information at laketrust.org. Have you been talking with other Democratic Party members, either in Michigan or from other parts of the country, about the way to make uncommitted concerns heard before the Democratic National Convention in Chicago? That's coming up August 19th. Yeah, you know, we have not heard any formal conversations as of yet with the official Harris apparatus, but we are pushing and asking that folks are in the room. Palestinians who have lost family members, individuals that have felt the pain and care about this issue, that there is a willingness to engage with folks. So, you know, we have less than 100 days left. And I think there's a chance for us to course correct in this moment. Certainly before the convention, conversations need to be had. And during the convention, I think the uncommitted movement wants a doctor who has been on the ground with Palestinians, treating them to be able to speak an American, to be able to get up and speak at the convention, honoring and dignifying those lives that were lost. And the pain in that process, I think, is super important. The conventional wisdom about conventions and presidential election years is that it's not great for a party to have a major internal struggle over a significant foreign policy issue. Michiganders of long experience that I've talked to have been sort of nervously thinking about the Democratic National Convention in 1968 in Chicago, which obviously very, very different set of circumstances. But I just wonder what you're I mean, you're you're somebody who has worked both across party lines and with other Democrats who represent, you know, different experiences and different views. What is your sense of how much can get hammered out in advance of November? I think we are asking for a tangible shift in perspective. When you look at what the majority of Americans think and majority of Americans support a ceasefire, a super majority of Democrats support that. And then more importantly, you look at the United States across the board all across the country, red or blue, you know, middle America or the coast, folks are asking the question, why are we funding and why are tax dollars going towards a government in Israel that has shown almost no regard for Palestinian humanity, no regard for any semblance of basic tenants of human rights, just concepts of, hey, maybe we shouldn't be killing innocent men, women and children. We should not be targeting babies. I mean, we have seen these things time and time again. And I think a majority of Americans understand that and want to see that shift. And now we have an opportunity where we can have a party that heeds the calls of the people and they will honor that request of being a nation that leads with moral clarity. And I think that starts by doing things like conditioning aid by limiting and ending sort of an unlimited arms supply towards Benjamin and Yahoo. And this is a moment where we can do that in a way that is unifying, in a way that uplifts the calls of Vice Presidents Harris, demand for fighting for freedom, for unifying the country, and for building on a future that is more just equitable and sustainable. And part of that must include what the United States does in terms of our foreign policy. Lest people get the idea that we're assuming the election is already over with. I wanted to ask you a little bit about Donald Trump as a candidate and for a potential second term. Do you mind sharing a little bit of your experience of what happened during the Trump administration with respect to US policy toward Palestinian people? I mean, we saw he has little regard for the Palestinian people. I mean, just seeing one of the first actions he took was moving the embassy to Jerusalem as a slap in the face. And then you have the deep concerns of his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, sort of doing a lot of the investments and has financial interests with respect to investments with Saudi Arabia and things of that nature. So there's a clear conflict. I think the way the former president has spoken about Palestinians, the way he's spoken about people who have advocated for Palestinian human rights is very disturbing. But the alternative to worse should not be bad. The alternative to worse should be better. And we need to make sure that we're shifting that. And look, as someone who knows the danger of Donald Trump, I can tell you he's somebody that had a direct impact on my family. Just days before he signed the travel ban, my uncle, who he had filed a petition to bring to the United States, was killed in an airstrike. And the Muslim ban prevented him and his family from even ever having a chance to come into the United States. So make no mistake, I think folks recognize the danger and the problems that President Trump will bring back to the White House and to the country. But that does not mean we settle for less. It is okay to believe in better. And it is okay to say we can advance a more just policy across the world and in this country. And that's the Stateside Podcast. I'm April Baer. You can find full Stateside episodes at MichiganPublic.org. Today's podcast was produced by Ronya Kavansuk. Other producers on our show are Mike Blank, Mercedes Mejia, and April Van Buren. Our executive producer is Laura Weber Davis. Podcast music comes from Blue Dot Sessions and from Audio Network. Thank you so much for listening. Great to have you with us. We'll see you again tomorrow.