 Hello guys and welcome back to another video. I'm Joey Mannequin, Patriot and in this video we're going to be discussing how Donald Trump is surging in the key state of Pennsylvania. Before we get into the video, please consider subscribing to the channel and comment down below on what other videos United States need you next. So as of right now, as of July 12, 2024, Donald Trump has a 4% need in the combination of polls. He has 48.7% of the vote, but Biden's 44.7. This is about as significant because ever since the debate, President Biden has sharply declining in Pennsylvania and Donald Trump has been inclining. And as we see Bloomberg morning counter poll jump up by seven, I'm just in college poll Trump up by 45. And these are the only two polls that we have gotten post-debate pre-debate. I'm just in college Trump is only up by two. And then Bloomberg morning counter poll Trump is also up by two. So Donald Trump is really surging in the key state of Pennsylvania. And if Donald Trump just wins Arizona and Georgia, which he is almost guaranteed to win at this point in time, and he wins the state of Pennsylvania, Donald Trump wins the presidency as he gets over the 270 electoral vote margin. So this is a key state for Donald Trump to win. And it's a key state for Biden to hold onto. Back in 2020, President Biden won the state by 1.2%. And where Biden really won the state is on the right side, Eastern Pennsylvania, Maine and Philadelphia, which is the biggest democratic county. He did good in box, Montgomery and Chester. So this key Eastern Pennsylvania, if we're going to see Trump win, he's going to have to flip some of these counties as in North Hampton, possibly knee high, possibly Monroe, possibly Nakawana and in Dufferin county. And comparing to the 2016 map, Donald Trump, when he won it back in 2020, he won it by 0.7%. He won Erie County, he won North Hampton County. Looking at Pittsburgh, it was 55.9 for for Clinton, 39.5 for Trump. Back here, 59.7 to 39.2. So similar margin of victory in Pittsburgh. And looking at Bucks County, Donald Trump came within 0.8% in Bucks County. And that's a key democratic county. Hillary Clinton only won it by 3000 votes. And really, Donald Trump lost it around four, four and a half percentage points, he lost it by 17%. So really comparing the map from 2016, if on election night, you want to really want to be recreating this map, York as well. Trump had about 62% to Secretary Clinton 33. Trump had 61 and a half. And actually Clinton under Biden under performed Clinton in this county as well. And mainly these small margins. I think Donald Trump did really bad in Delaware County. And these are just safe states and also, maybe because of Philadelphia, because there's so many votes. You know, 82% to 15. 81% to about 18. But Trump didn't really get it. And he gained margin here because of the amount of vote increase that Biden had in Philadelphia County, even though it did shift Republican by 3 percentage points. Looking at Chester County, 52 to 42. 58 to 41. So really, that was a big swing towards President Biden. So that's also a key county to look at. That where I can't excuse me, Montgomery County. See a democratic shift there. And just looking through these key counties on the eastern half of Pennsylvania. This is where the majority of the votes are. The Zurn County is these are key Republican. Then come the Zurn, York, a big Republican counties. And when you look at rural Pennsylvania, there's still a lot of votes out here for Donald Trump. Going back to this 2016, because we're 2020 back. Just huge. There's a lot of votes. Manchester, Lebanon. And when you have these all these small little counties that have 20 30,000 votes, sometimes 40. And in this case, 75,000. Once you get into there outside of these big cities, they add up pretty quickly. When you get these big world areas outside the city, you get when you make up that vote as an our county county when Trump's getting huge margins in these other counties surrounding Pittsburgh. So that's where Trump has got to really act before he also has to do better in the cities. He just has to shift the entire state of Pennsylvania into his column. And we can see Pennsylvania can go Republican as it did back in 2016. Now, there is not. There's 150,000, 146,000 independent votes for Johnson. This was a super no margin for Trump and Clinton. The winner got 48%. But in our 50, Trump got 48. Trump almost did better than 2016. Well, but excuse me, he did do better. But the point is, is that that wasn't as much third party vote in Pennsylvania as there was back in 2016. And we could see some of the exit polls where age, but 13% of the electorate. So in some polls, we've been seeing Trump's doing better with young people. And even here, it seems like the next this generation 18 to 24 isn't as democratic as the 25 to 29. So really, as you get older, it seems as you tend to get more conservative. And this is just 2020 exit polls. Well, you better than four years ago, 43%. Yes, 16 and 40 about said about the same. Now, this was in the middle of a pandemic. And it would make sense. But 45% of people said the economy was good. And a pandemic. So that shows you where we are as a country right now, where 60 to 70% of people don't aren't doing well. And Trump just has to play are you better than you were four years ago card like President Reagan. That's how he won. Trump's doing better with the Tina voters as well. So, and 4% of this exit poll was Jewish. And just looking at this, they were more than likely overwhelmingly Jewish. So that really is going to possibly help Trump because the Democrats are still divided on Israel and Hamas issue. So drunk against and votes in the Jewish vote as well. Female, it's gonna be tough on abortion. But I think Trump is playing very smart politically, saying he's for exceptions, he said they ended the debate. So definitely 46% of the economy is good and excellent. This is in the middle of a pandemic, which is pretty absurd. Here's the abortion issue. About 55% say legal, 40% say illegal. So when you're playing, it's illegal in most cases under under Trump presidency, it's pre split. And he doesn't believe you should abort the baby in the first second or third trimester and as it's vapor and zest, which I agree with. So I think you guys for watching this video, please subscribe, share this video with your friends comment down below on what other videos you'd like to see next. And I'll see you guys in the next video.