 I didn't even flinch. When they shot me, I said, oh, ooh, they shot me. The incident that happened during Trump's rally at Pennsylvania is actually a very serious one. It's a very wild situation. Even though there have been so many jokes about it on the media, it's actually a very serious situation. I shared a part one of what people were saying yesterday, and I saw comments of people saying to share more. I also want to share this particular one because it's not only funny people who are getting some stuff off of their chest and how to be very careful during this particular period. One of the conversations surrounding this is about how people are just like black people specifically are having the conversation of how they are happy that the person, the shooter is not a black person because we wouldn't have been able to hear the end of it if we happen to be a black person. And why are white people not talking about white or white crime? I really want you guys to see all of these issues because I love the point. Starting from the beginning to the end, I love the point that every single creator made in this video. So without wasting much time, let's get right into it. That's crazy. They really shot Trump and they missed, failed. You know how annoying he's going to be now? He's going, they tried to shoot me. They missed. They couldn't kill me. You can't kill me. I'm invincible. Just like the economy when it's run by Donald J. fucking Trump. They shot me in the ear. What an idiot. Not even, it's not even a vital organ. I didn't even flinch. When they shot me, I said, oh, oh, they shot me. That hurt. In the hospital, I had a black, an African doctor, and he worked very well. This is my good friend. He helped me. He saved me. I didn't need saving, but he saved me. He helped me. He got the bullet out. He was black. This is a dying nation and I'm not going to die on this nation. You need me. You need me. I need you. I need the American people. I survived the shooting. My competition, he can never survive a shooting. If he was shot, he'd be dead. You wouldn't even have to shoot him. You could just breathe on him. He's that old. Donald Trump just survived getting his ears pierced at Claire's. No, sorry. He just survived getting pew-pewed somewhere in Pennsylvania. As far as I'm concerned, a couple things are going to happen. Mark my words. One, he's going to come out to many men by 50 Cent at his next campaign rally, whether or not 50 Cent clears it. Two, his poll numbers are going to go through the roof and he's going to blame everything on the establishment. He's going to say that they all conspired against him. This was a plot to make sure that America never becomes first again, because his supporters already think he's the second coming of Jesus. All the conspiracy theorists already think that the government is made up of lizards in human suits. And three, we've got Marjorie Taylor Greene, who's going to ride this till the cows come home. And then the defense spending through the roof. Guantanamo is going to be a well-oiled machine in the next 30 days because all enemies, foreign and domestic, everybody's pointing fingers at this point. We don't know if it's Putin. We don't know if it's somebody who is just insane, but regardless, they're going to throw every dollar that they have at it. So good luck to all those involved. We're already going into World War III. Not me though, I have bad eyesight. However, we're done for, guys. And this will be a great show to watch in the next couple of months. I'm not gagging because the state of the world has rendered me just ungaggable at this point, but a single sip of McDonald's Sprite, an Altoid, one Altoid, a whiff of Fireball whiskey, a swig of green Listerine, a flight of stairs up or down, 15 minutes, 10 minutes standing on a sidewalk in Las Vegas this week. There are a lot of things that would similarly fell, these like invalid octogenarian presidential candidates, which we have too. But this is one of them. I hate to see it happen, of course, but there are people in this country who were cheering for Custer, and there are people in this country who cheer for the Sioux. There are people in this country who call themselves patriots who would have wanted Paul Revere dragged to the streets and lynched for his like resistance against what was happening in occupied Boston. There are people in this country who call themselves patriots, but cry whenever a statue of Robert E. Lee gets torn down. I can't explain it, but the American experiment is failing because everything over here is a teachable moment. I want you guys to pay attention to how media and publishers are treating image-based content from today. Let's see who's not just reporting and the volume of content they're reporting on, but look and see who was editing photography, who was adding color grading and filtered effects to photography, who was altering these images and focused points within them to make the content seem more anthemic than it actually is. Puberty, whatever the fuck it's called, came across my 4u page like two minutes ago with this heavily altered photo. Posting these photos now in black and white, no one was shooting black and white film today by the way, but they're intentionally running these photos in posts through effects that make them seem more historic and more important to help build bias. We also talked about the absence of color in civil rights photography, the intentional absence of color to make those photos seem older than they are and more historic than they are and what would be more accurately a like very modern snapshot of American modern times. Everybody tune in because it's time to address something. I have a series of questions for white people, more specifically the portion of white people that are always in black people's business. Are y'all ready to address white and white crime? Considering the fact that y'all are not quiet as fuck ever since the shooter has been identified as not black and if he was y'all would be running y'all fucking mouths right now. All types of America doesn't have a gun problem, it has a black problem. Those animals are worshiping the shooter like they did George Floyd. The shit talking would be endless right now but lo and behold the shooter is not black, not brown, not Muslim, not illegal, not trans, and not a drag queen. Yet another young white boy with an AR-15 that's ironically registered Republican. Here's another thing I peeped, a lot of y'all are hopping on the same train talking about some God protected President Trump. Let me ask you something, did God protect this man? He died yesterday, he died from a bullet wound and allegedly three other people were also injured at that rally so that makes four victims either dead or injured. That's a mass shooting right there and while y'all sitting here talking about God protected President Trump and y'all creating entire t-shirts for this man, where's the t-shirt for this man? Where's the t-shirt for Yuvaldi? Where's the t-shirt for Sandy Hook? Did God protect any of them? Did God protect Buffalo, New York? Did God protect Pulse Nightclub? Virginia Tech? Pittsburgh synagogue? God protect that black church in South Carolina from Dindlin Roof? Now y'all care about gun violence when Trump gets shot in the ear. Any other time it's fucking thoughts and prayers. One last thing I'm confused about, I thought sexual abusers and pedophiles getting shot was a good thing. What happened? Hypothetically, what if the shooter couldn't afford a more high caliber deadly weapon because of inflation? In a way, Joe Biden may have saved Donald Trump's life. Haha, that was a great one buddy. Anyways, do we all realize how serious of a situation that was? And I'm talking about people on both sides, the one saying, oh the shooter missed, he only had one job and then you have other people saying, well look at his pose after he got shot. Do y'all realize how serious of a situation that was? A presidential candidate almost got assassinated in 2024 under the watch of the U.S. Secret Service. That kind of blunder happening in this day and age by the highly skilled, highly capable U.S. security agency that's supposed to be protecting leaders of the free world is almost unbelievable. The last time an attempt at a U.S. president's life was actually successful was 1963, John F. Kennedy. That's over 60 years ago. The last time an attempt even got close enough to harming the president was 1981, Ronald Reagan. That's over 40 years ago. So you would think after decades of technological advancements and increased security measures, the president's security detail couldn't possibly allow something like that to happen again. And if they did, it would have to be some highly trained military operative of a foreign government who somehow slipped through the cracks, right? But nope. It was a 20-year-old loser who works in a kitchen and just graduated high school two years ago. This is the guy who almost committed what should be an impossible crime to commit. And he was laying down on a roof that wasn't even that far from the venue. In the line of sight of law enforcement snipers. Mind you, this is supposed to be the premier security detail on the planet. How in the world did they miss a 20-year-old kid with an AR laying down on a roof less than a kilometer away? And besides all that, he almost just ruined our democratic process. If he was successful, there'd be no need for an election because one guy would automatically become president. And yet some of the people who claim that they want to preserve our democracy were mad that his plan didn't work. I know a lot of us are jaded by all the crazy things that happen in the world, but I think we need to stop for a second and realize just how wild this situation is and how disastrous it could have been. I have not already made peace with the reality that this man is about to be president. I need you to make peace with it now. The polls are already out of Biden's favor. I'll keep saying what are we going to do about project 2025? We don't vote for Biden. I don't think that quite matters anymore. Make peace with the fact that that man is about to be president. I want everybody to take a deep breath. I'm sorry I don't have time to make an actual video. I'm a wedding. This is the best I can give y'all. Let's talk about what that creator said about the polls and let's talk a little bit about what Trump getting shot at is going to do. First off, I just want to say I love how much people our age are in the politics and talking about it on these social media spaces. I just want to add to that. This is no shade to that creator, but the creator spoke about polls and I'm a professional pollster and some of what the creator said was not true and I just want to address it. It is not over. It's far from over. It is actually so close that we can't even that pollsters can't even predict it. For the sake of simplicity, this is decision desk ace Hughes map. Joe Biden starts off at 214 points in this race. Trump is at 235 points. Both candidates are trying to get to 270. Those little orange shades you see, those are the only states that are on the board. These are the only points that can be won. You see Arizona's got 11, Nevada's got six, Minnesota's got 10, 10, right? Both are trying to get to 270. Every single one of these states, when we pull in these states to try to see who's winning, the answer is within what's called the margin of error. I'm not going to bore you with the details of what that means and how we get it. I just want you to understand that means that we don't know. That means we don't know how the election is going to go and it could change so much from now to election day. I believe Arizona might be the only state that's outside of margin of error. I think the last time we pulled there was like Trump was up by like 4.4% and I think the margin of error was like somewhere down like 3% or something. In 2020, Georgia was won by like less than 13,000 votes. I believe so was Nevada as well. I cannot stress to you how close this election is y'all. And I get like being newer to politics and hearing people talk about certain things and not knowing what it means. I get feeling like, oh, like everything I see about Joe Biden is bad and everything I see about Donald Trump is good and being like, it's over. I'm calling it. Person that you follow on the internet calls the election, right? I get it. But like this guy on the internet who is a professional poster spends like his whole day, right? Every day for years and years and years studying public opinion and looking at how elections turn out based off of that public opinion. I have no reason to lie to you. It's actually not in my best interest to lie to you because then I would look terrible, right? If my numbers were off. To be clear, Donald Trump could win every single one of those states or Joe Biden could win every single one of those states and have an electoral college win. That's massive. Landslot and then you'd be hitting me up. Like I thought you said it was close. It was close when you poll in each one of those states. It is so close that we don't know how it's going to go, right? Plus it's July. This is all we know four months from the election. Calling it right now is crazy. It is a crazy thing to do and you shouldn't do it no matter who you want to win. My part two video will be about do I think Trump getting shot at will change public opinion. So yesterday the entire world witnessed the shooting that happened at the Trump rally in Butler, PA. Witnesses saw the shooter scale the one story building, set up his rifle for 10 minutes and then attempt to assassinate the president. Since yesterday, a lot of things have come to light. There's a lot of people coming forth with their opinions and a lot of facts and details and stuff that we just didn't know at the time. Witnesses told TV news stations that they saw the man scale the one story building. They let the police and security know and nothing was done. This man was allowed to set up for a full 10 minutes, get five shots out before they caught him. The man that scaled the building with his assault rifle was a registered Republican. He's already been identified as 20-year-old Thomas Matthew Crooks. This man was in plain sight for 10 minutes plus and nothing was done about it until it was too late. Now there are people blaming the left for this. Democrats have something to do with assassination attempts. We've never done anything so extreme ever, ever. In fact, the running joke against Democrats is that we're soft. Speaking for myself, I do not condone violence in any way, shape or form. I don't think shooting is okay. It didn't have been possible for a 20-year-old to buy an assault rifle, but in today's world it is. And Biden wants to ban assault rifles. I do not believe this shooting was political at all. The kids seemed unhinged. I'm pretty sure they're going to put out a mental health campaign behind them, but if he was any other color, I guarantee it would have been something else. God forbid if he was brown. He's white and Republican and they're going to protect him somehow. Somehow they're going to blame an entirely different demographic like the Democrats. We have nothing to do with this. What do you guys think about what they hosted? The very first guy impersonating Trump, that guy is so good. He almost sounded like Trump talking. What he's saying in that video sounded like something that Trump would say when he has the time to address the public again. It sounded like something that he would say on the stage. So let me hear what you guys think about that. Others as well addressed so many stuff. Guy the red rub was talking about how you know white people are so quiet at this point because it was a white person who shot at him. If he happens to be a black person, the conversation we are having now, or conversation of him getting shot will have changed and there will be more focus on the conversation of the fact that the person will shot at him is a black person, which is absolutely true because we know how these things work. There's other person talking about how you know serious the situation is and people should just take him more serious. There's another woman in the states talking about how a news page, a blog page was literally making him that what is not by literally a detail in the picture, changing it to black and white just to make it seem that what it's not. Let me hear what you guys think. In the video yesterday and too many stages that comment that I've seen online, there are so many people talking about how this is staged. Like you know those people will go to any length to retain that seat or to get to that seat. They will literally do anything like a few stage. I saw another creator, a white creator, addressing the video that has been going viral. This guy even said the very first time when Trump held his ear that there was no blood on his hand. Just unposed the video here because of the guidelines for this video. This guy was actually breaking down how this is so staged. Let me know what you guys think about this whole conversation. Let me know what you think about what all of these people said in this stage and what is your first reaction within the headlines that it was shot at Israeli in Pennsylvania. Let's continue this conversation in the comment section. I will catch you guys in the next episode.