 Now, perhaps the single biggest lie that Harris told her in the debate on Tuesday, a little bit under the radar, it came toward the end of the night when she said, quote, I've made very clear my position on fracking. Well, that's verifiably false. Harris has been anything but clear. And she now claims to love fracking out of nowhere was. But when she was running for president back in 2019, she agreed that a total fracking ban was necessary. Her, in her own words, something that ABC Disney could learn from. Take a look. Let's talk about fracking because we're here in Pennsylvania. I made that very clear in 2020. I will not ban fracking. I have not banned fracking as vice president United States. And in fact, I was the tiebreaking vote on the inflation reduction act, which opened new leases for fracking. Will you commit to implementing a federal ban on fracking your first day in office, adding the United States, the list of countries who have banned this devastating practice? There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. So, yeah. At the debate, Harris tried to claim credit for the Biden administration's increase of fracking leases. We only have one itsy bitsy teeny weeny problem. That never happened. Just like she never said in 2020, oh, I changed my position on fracking. Even fake news CNN fact checked her on that. The Biden-Harris administration has fought a war on American energy production since day one. And of course, she has her E.V. mandate. Don't you want an E.V. mandate? No plastic straws. A reduction in consumption of meat. This is the party that claims they're the party of freedom and they want to provide everything for you and take everything you have. That's called Marxism. Anyway, how's that going to play in the very important key swing state of Pennsylvania where fracking is a huge part of the local economy? Well, let's ask Pennsylvania GOP Senate candidate Dave McCormick is with us. Dave, I've been in your your great Commonwealth now two weeks in a row. I did have my oh, we did have my cheese steak when I was there both times and enjoy it a lot, especially the one in Philly that I got from Genos. All right. Let's talk about fracking. What does that mean to your state? Well, Sean, this is the single most important industry. We have six hundred thousand jobs in Pennsylvania from fracking. But that's just the beginning of what it could be if we had energy dominance and unlocked the potential. And Kamala Harris has said many times over that she wanted to ban fracking and transition energy workers. My opponent, Bob Casey, has said that he wants to transition energy workers and he's voted ninety nine percent of the time with Biden and Harris. This would be a disaster for Pennsylvania. And Pennsylvania's do not believe Kamala Harris will not come after fossil fuels. As you said, the E.P. mandate mandates that by 20, 30 to 70 percent of all new light vehicles are EVs. This would be a disaster for manufacturing in Pennsylvania. The ban on fracking and disaster. Pennsylvania's cannot trust Kamala Harris or Bob Casey on the most critical industry for their future. It's the lifeblood of the world's economy. It just is. And I'm not against electric vehicles, but I'm against forcing a company like Ford to invest in electric vehicles because the government is pushing them to do it and losing four and a half billion dollars when you have other great companies like Tesla, for example, and the people that want electric vehicles can have them. What do these jobs mean? I mean, if you have a job in Pennsylvania in the fracking industry, what kind of money are you making annually? Well, listen, these entry level jobs, these are people that get technical degrees as mechanics or welders. They start 65, $70,000 a year plus overtime. These are great paying jobs that can go on for decades and create great opportunity. The American dream for Pennsylvania workers. There's mechanics, there's restaurants, there's bars, there's truck drivers. It's a huge industry, but it's not just the present jobs, it's the future jobs. Pennsylvania's got the fourth largest natural gas reserves in the world. You want to see more about this? You can go to my website, davemccormackpa.com. But this is the one thing we could do that would change Pennsylvania's future. We really haven't taken advantage of it yet. Under Kamala Harris and Bob Casey, it's a disastrous future for fracking in our energy sector in Pennsylvania. And with Donald Trump's proposal today, look, I know a lot of guys in the energy sector that work in either oil or gas, and they work in 80 hour weeks, sometimes even more. Could you imagine after 40 hours you get time and a half and no tax on that time and a half money? That's called wealth creation. That's the opportunity of a lifetime. That's a Donald Trump idea. That'll be a big hit. Just like no tax on tips. That'll be a big hit, Sean. It's going to be huge. Yeah. And you said it well. You support that, right? I do. And you said it well. I mean, this inflation has been a 22% or greater tax on working families, on people on fixed income. It's been devastating. This is one way to offset that by giving tax benefits on overtime. No tax on tips. This is great things for working families in Pennsylvania. And no tax on Social Security. We'll see how Kamala lies about that tomorrow. Anyway. Hey, Sean Hannity here. Hey, click here to subscribe to Fox News YouTube page and catch our hottest interviews and most compelling analysis. You will not get it anywhere else.