 Hello everybody and welcome back to Red Eagle Politics. Make sure you guys like this video down below and subscribe to the channel if you are new. So as you guys can probably tell my voice is doing a little bit better in this video. I'm kind of recovering from my cold and we have to talk about some new developments in the 2024 election. Because as we know this is pretty much the electoral map. I'm not doing you know lean or likely States in this. Yes, it is possible that a state like Minnesota could flip the Trump at the end of the day or a state like Maine at large. That's not the point. I'm just trying to outline Trump's path to 270 given like the main six toss-up States that we've been talking about and given some of the data that we saw from the primary Democrats were in serious trouble regarding energy for Biden in Georgia. And Trump is up big in the polls in Georgia. He's up big in the polls in Nevada as well and Wisconsin seems like that first domino to fall in the rust belt. So you can give that to Trump as well if you're trying to orchestrate his path to victory here doesn't seem like he's at risk of losing any single state that he won in 2020. So what does this mean? It means that Donald Trump needs to win one of three States in order to become president. Biden has to win all three of them. He has to win Arizona, Michigan and Pennsylvania. That is what this election is going to come down to now. Keep in mind Trump needs to win one of them. Biden needs to win all of them assuming that the States in red end up going for Trump at the end of the day and assuming that the States in blue end up going for Biden at the end of the day. So that's why Pennsylvania is so important. Now we have some new polling data out of Michigan. We are going to be talking about in this video, but it is important that we cover the fact that Donald Trump is pulled ahead in the state of Pennsylvania for the first time in a while that is with an outlier in there a Biden plus eight outlier. You see that there Franklin and Marshall. They show Biden leading by one. Usually their early polls have underestimated Trump significantly, but you look at the past three polls in the state of Pennsylvania. We've gotten new data over the past few days in terms of the recent two polls, but the recent Bloomberg poll trumps up by six. He's nearing 50 percent and then the Emerson poll trumps up by four in Pennsylvania in the Fox News poll. He's up by two and that's very telling because that poll was actually accurate in the midterms. That was one of the polls that had John Federman defeating Dr. Oz by four percentage points in the final poll. And that's exactly what the poll ended up showing. And now you look at it. Donald Trump leads Biden 49 47 in Pennsylvania and that's absolutely huge because not only is he defeating Biden, but there's not a lot of undecideds. He's close to 50 and it was an accurate poll. Now, the early poll for Fox in Pennsylvania in 2022 actually had Federman up by like 11, but they also had a lot of undecideds. Their poll before the election didn't have that many undecideds and it was actually very accurate, which is very telling because you need Pennsylvania. You need Pennsylvania to win ideally. You know, if you get Georgia and Pennsylvania, you don't even need Wisconsin. You don't even need Nevada. And this is a state that's razor thin. Trends are working against Democrats in many parts of the state. You could argue that maybe the Philly suburbs could get bluer, but still there's a demographic floor for Donald Trump because even in those counties, there's a sizable portion of the population that is white working class. And Biden's totals among all demographics in terms of his popularity, his favorability, they have tanked completely across the board, which means turnout is likely going to decrease and you see that in these primary states and it's true. And you could say, well, he doesn't have a contested primary. Well, neither does Trump at this point. And still Biden may be getting in the nineties in some states percentage wise, but he's not energizing his base. He's not energizing turnout and he's been spending tens of millions of dollars. It's not like he hasn't been spending any of his war chest either. And still, it's not moving the needle. There was no state of the union bump whatsoever. If anything, it's going to be a state of the union slump. We did this in the primary. You had a lot of the people in the DeSantis camp. They would say, oh, there's going to be a bump. If X happens, if when Y happens, when Z happens, none of the bumps ever came. And that really speaks volumes, even though Donald Trump was getting outspent in the primary in a lot of places. He did not put as much effort into it as a lot of these other candidates who are basically vying for second did and Trump won at the end of the day. And are you seeing a similar thing when it comes to the general election? Well, it's entirely possible. Now we have less than eight months to go and Donald Trump is leading in Pennsylvania. He never led the polls in really any of these states going back to 2016 or 2020. So the fact that he's leading in nearly every single poll should tell you there is some kind of a shift and you could talk about the midterms and polls, whatever. But Republicans didn't take the lead in really any of those swing states that they ended up falling short until like mid October, late October. The polls from early October, late September before early voting started were actually dead on accurate. I don't know why that is. It's possible that people that already voted just stopped answering the polls, but we didn't see the same thing in 2020. Maybe they accounted for it a bit more. I don't exactly know what the issue was there, but still looking at the big picture when it comes down to it, Trump is leading in Pennsylvania. He's leading in every swing state. He's up in the polls in Wisconsin, which is unheard of because he always outperforms them by about six and Biden's the incumbent president at 45. Trump is beating Biden in the state of Wisconsin. You see that here and Michigan as well. There were new polls that dropped out of the state of Michigan and he's leading in every single swing state. Arizona, the recent poll that came out had him up by five as well in this or they had him up by four, but he leads the average in the state of Arizona by over five points, which is a bigger margin than he wanted by in 2016. And it's possible the third party candidates in the mix are going to help him out. You know, he can get 48, 49 percent and still win the state. He has a very high floor. Even if you want to say his ceiling is low, still Arizona is not a state that Donald Trump is guaranteed to lose, even if it does seem like it's moved away from Republicans in recent years. Same thing with Georgia because you have Trump versus Biden. That's what this election comes down to and Biden is despised, especially in a state like Michigan and you look at it and Trump is leading the polls every single poll in Michigan, which is pretty much unheard of as well. And he leads by three and a half points and we could look into this further. It's not like he's leading it just in Trafalgar or Rasmussen or like insider advantage with some right leading pollster that ended up being wrong in 2022. He's leading the polls in Quinnipiac. He's leading polls and pollsters that are very hostile to Republicans and that are very hostile to Donald Trump. But he's at 48 in Michigan. Biden's at 45 in the five way race when they pulled it. He leads by five points over Joe Biden and that's with RFK Jr claiming he has enough signatures to get on the ballot in Michigan. We'll see, but his lead actually expands when you look at it. So either way, Donald Trump is in a very strong position and the primary kind of shows it when he's, you know, outdoing Biden by so much and then they poll Haley voters. In the state of Michigan because she got like 26% or whatever in Michigan. It turns out half of them are going to go for Biden, but Trump still leads the poll by three, which confirms what I'm saying that half of Haley supporters were never Republicans. They were always going to vote for Biden and the remaining Haley voters would come home to Donald Trump. And it seems like most of those are coming home to Trump according to the latest poll. So you're looking at it and it's like, yeah, Haley getting a good chunk in some of these open primary states was never serious proof that Donald Trump is going out there and he's losing his voter base. It never was. He won every county in Michigan. We know that the counties that were more Republican. Those were the counties that he was running up the score in even in suburban counties that happen to be more Republican because yes, those do exist. He did very very well in Macomb County and I think that's a very good sign for things to come in Michigan and it shows that Biden doesn't have a lot of support in the key places that he needs to go out there and win in order to win this election. So if you do the math on all the polls, Trump is in a very good position. You have to defend the main six. He's leading in them. Yes, he has to go on offense technically because he's flipping these states. But is he favored in all of them? Yes. He has to play, you know, defense but also offense at the same time because you need to protect your lead in these places. I know some people are talking about Minnesota, New York, Virginia, Maine at large. Even Hawaii has entered the mix for some reason and I'm not saying Trump can't dabble in some of these states from time to time. Look, we're in March. I mean the election is not for another eight months. If you want to have a rally up in Minnesota test the waters, do it. Same thing goes for the whole Madison Square Garden thing. If he wants to do that, it's going to get, you know, nationally televised and it's going to be a big ordeal. And there are downbell at races in New York that are crucial in 20, 24 to hold so that you have a, you know, house that's Republican so you can work with it. So there's that. But still the main objective should be defending those main six states, Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Arizona, Nevada. Five out of the six were one in 2016 and Nevada is probably one of the most likely states to flip ironically just given trends to the Republican column. This is a very winnable election for Trump. He's in a very, very good position. But you talk about Pennsylvania. That's crucial because that is the swing state that has the most electoral votes and you could lose Michigan, Wisconsin, Nevada and Arizona. But so long as you hold Georgia or flip Georgia, I should say, and then you flip Pennsylvania, you're good. You're golden. That's why Pennsylvania is so crucial. But on top of it, even if he goes out there and gets Wisconsin and Nevada and he does not get Pennsylvania, he's not cracking 270. So that's why Pennsylvania is so crucial. Do I think that Donald Trump can run the table on all six of these states? Absolutely. Do I think he's going to hold every state that he took in 2020? Absolutely. We have a long way to go before the election, but still at the same time, we're knocking on the door. We've got less than eight months to go. Seems like some of these cases are crumbling. Biden's approval rating is below 40. Seems like the third party candidates are going to be on the ballot in a lot of these swing states where they can kind of play spoiler. Yeah, Donald Trump is at least a two to one favorite in all objectivity. It's true. I mean, Biden at this point, he does have more money, but it's not by a ridiculous margin. Can he try to spend his way to being popular? Well, it's going to take a little bit more than that. It's going to take a miracle for him to be able to go out there and get by. So anyways, guys, thanks for watching this video. Like this video down below. Comment down below. Subscribe to the channel. Hit the bell for notifications so you never miss another video. Follow me on social media. The links are all in the description down below and I will see you guys in the next one. Red Eagle out.