 I am feeling very good about Pennsylvania because there are a lot of people in Pennsylvania who Again, I'm just People are really clapping for that I told you I do not see how she makes it past 170 in the Lettorio College and it proves us right every single day They need to hide her continue to hide her keep her away She is far gone and lost this is it worse than Biden We know the whistleblower came out we know that you got to preach the questions and got the rehearse the debate We just we seen the whistleblower came out and said it We Know you got the questions and we knew that Trump wasn't was whether you wasn't gonna get fact-checked on your lies and That you dodged the important questions That is affecting everybody's life But look this is what this is what you get right here, this is what people are voting for look People love puppets And again a lot of people are mad because of clips like this hit the fan people are upset But hey, this is this is what this is what you guys this is what people are clapping for The left the Trump haters the anti-Trumpers The ones that's been brainwashed by the media the fake news They hate Trump so much but they this is what you're left with Deserved to be seen and heard that's why I'm here in Johnstown and I will be continuing to travel around the state to make sure that I'm listening as much as we are talking and ultimately I feel very strongly that better earn every vote and that means spending time with folks in the communities where they live and And so that's why I'm here. We're gonna be spending a lot more time in Pennsylvania I am feeling very good when Kamala Harris says she has no intention of banning fracking. Yeah, what do you make of that? I don't believe her I Don't believe her because you can't change your mind just because you want to be the president fracking is an issue Whether it's Pennsylvania or anyplace else in the country. I Believe it's good not only for the economy. I believe it's good for us to get money Money's part of fracking when and you just can't make this up her running mate called her Prostituted young prostitute or that may it makes sense You know, it makes sense. We ain't seen this fell in a long time tampon Timmy stolen valor Tim Because this started and I love this story as a young prosecutor Kamala Harris talked about going in that courtroom because this started and I love this story as a young prosecutor Kamala Harris talked about going in that courtroom for the first time Telling y'all man we in we in trouble man if they let a lot of To rig this up for these for these for this ticket. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah a new way forward. I Man people are there. This is a lie, man It needs to change. I mean everything is too high Everything real estate is high Like your house is technically worth three four hundred thousand and now they want seven eight hundred thousand Yeah, or the same house. It's like it's ridiculous like you're not getting anything You're not going anywhere. Does that change how you think you're gonna end up voting in November? Oh, yes Absolutely. I think we definitely need the change. It's it's ridiculous. I mean we haven't gone anywhere. It's been four years It's been it's been how I mean nothing everything needs to come back come down to a new level like come back Pre-covid to a more affordable. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. All right, Linda. Thanks so much for talking to us We're gonna talk to one of your customers now, you know, as we said This is a place where people come in and have breakfast and lunch regularly We've talked to people who come here with their church groups with their families and we're gonna speak to a mom now Mary Jane who Comes here regularly as well. Hi Mary Jane. Good morning to you. You've got a good breakfast here in front of you I think some French toast and some bacon. Yes Oh, we've been talking to locals about the issues that matter to them It seems like the cost of living really is one of them. Is that something that's on your mind? Yes, absolutely You go to the grocery store and when you've got would have a big shopping cart You'd have it full and it'd be pretty reasonable now You take a little smaller shopping cart and it's more money than what the big cart was. It's it's ridiculous I didn't you know when people with babies, you know with baby the formula diapers I don't know how they do it. What do you want to see in terms of change? I want to see taxes go down I want to see the economy better housing. It's it's ridiculous. How do people afford houses? They can't you know adult children have to move back home with their parents because they can't afford the mortgage Because it's ridiculous Do you think that's gonna affect you know how you're looking at this election in November's? We're just under two months away. Oh, absolutely Absolutely. Yeah. Are you feeling optimistic about things at the moment? I Hope so. I mean, I know what I want as far as the outcome with the election and I hope it goes that way Because nothing has changed Nothing has changed. All right, the cost of gas. Yeah food housing It's out of control and I don't see any end in sight unless there is a change Oh again you guys You They're gonna have to like rig something up for the first to help to help this ticket Everybody knows we need to change the leadership Some people are just Trump deranged they they're anti-Trump Trump haters, but even they know we need to change the leadership But Trump hurt their feelings But there's tons of people that got their feelings hurt by Trump that are on the Trump train Who Better would bet will better handle the economy before the debate and after the debate look at those numbers We Need common sense back man right now. There's no common sense We need a change of leadership simple simple Voters know man and right now Trump is skyrocketing in Millions and millions of people say Trump won the debate on the side of voters say Trump won the debate We believe Trump wanted to debate and I wish that uh, they would he he want to took so much of their bait as It was a three verse one But he still came out on top man Which is the economy before the debate Donald Trump 53 after the debate 55 Kamala Harris before 37 after after 35 so virtually no movement on that and if anything, I know it's margin of error But it went down a little bit Again cuz she couldn't answer she couldn't answer she dodged She dodged the questions What did you expect after dodging the equal the questions, what did you expect? What did she expect you guys? It was just a bunch of lies and dodging and trying to make yourself look as such like a wonderful princess It's crap man And I tell you voters are not going to the voting booth with all But what you guys are what they're what they're pushing People are struggling millions are have done are dying to stop people have died And I tell you a lot of people are voting with their pocketbooks, I'm sorry That's just the truth behind it I am feeling very good about Pennsylvania because there are a lot of People in Pennsylvania who deserve to be seen and heard that's why I'm here in Johnstown and I will be continuing to travel around the state People are really vote please tell me some y'all people are voting for this People are clapping for this Oh She barely got this thought out oh my goodness Check out the word process and check out the body language. Oh my goodness This is a puppet man I Am feeling very good about Pennsylvania because there are a lot of People in Pennsylvania. Oh my goodness Yeah Yeah, yeah Fracking fracking And she won't she won't yeah, I'm telling y'all she's But I get she's nervous about Pennsylvania we know why she's nervous about Pennsylvania but uh You know as a so-called Presidential candidate And you get this You The Democrats are it should be and I see why Trump is skyrocketing through polls right now That everybody got to hear those lies from that debate That everybody's seen how biased it was a three verse one and how Trump still came out on top You Because this is what they what they what was all they had left I guess this ticket right here You can't make this up Who deserve to be seen and heard that's why I'm here in Johnstown and I will be continuing to travel around the state the most important and most significant aspect of My policy perspective and decisions is my values have not changed fracking She's been against it for 12 years if she won the election fracking in Pennsylvania will end on day one. There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. So yeah, so would you be an offshore drilling? Yes, and I've again worked on that My values have not changed. She wants to confiscate your guns. I support Buybacks and it's something I'm so passionate about and so looking forward to being president to address how mandatory is your gun buyback program It's mandatory. We have to have a buyback program and I support a mandatory buyback program You can't do it by executive order any more than Trump can do things when he says he can do it by executive order Does the vice president have a point there some things you can? Oh, I mean, I would just say hey Joe It's said it's a no we can't let's say yes, we can My values have not changed now she wants to do Transgender operations or an illegal aliens that are in prison. She said she supported a taxpayer-funded Gender transition surgeries for detained migrants. She also said she's funded gender transition surgeries for detained my chain my actually said she supported she my values have not changed Donald Trump the candidate has said in this election. There will be a bloodbath If this and the outcome of this election is not to his liking we're gonna put a 100% tariff on every single car That comes across the line and you're not gonna be able to sell those guys if I get elected Now if I don't get elected it's gonna be a bloodbath stop with the continuous lying about this stuff Let's remember Charlottesville and what did the president then at the time say there were fine people on each side And you had people and I'm not talking about the neo-nazis and the white nationalists because they should be condemned totally But you had many people in that group other than neo-nazis and white nationalists Stop with the continuous lying about this stuff everything that she believed three years ago and four years ago is out the window But if she ever got elected she changed it. She's a Marxist. Everybody knows she's a Marxist equitable treatment Means we all end up at the same place The most important and most significant aspect of my policy perspective and decisions is my values do not change