 Alright, so looks like we got some absolutely huge news coming out of the state of Pennsylvania for Kamala Harris. Multiple stories in fact, so many many things coming out. First off we have starting here, does Pennsylvania Supreme Court affirms Cornel West will not appear on state ballots? Does academic and activist Cornel West, who is running for president as an independent candidate, won't be on the ballot in Pennsylvania the Supreme Court decided Monday in upholding a lower court's ruling? West 71 was fighting to get his name added to the candidate roster in the battleground state before Pennsylvania begins early voting and mail-in voting in the coming weeks. But his candidacy was challenged by Democrats. His longshot bid was rejected from the ballot because the GOP aligned electors backing his candidacy didn't meet requirements. And so what we could see here is actually a lot of the people were also who were helping Cornel West in a lot of these states were actually Republicans, like Republican operatives who were like showing up to these electors houses. So in some of these states you actually need not just a certain amount of signatures, but I guess you need some number of electors to guarantee to pledge their vote for you. And so what actually ended up happening like in the state of Arizona, Arizona for example, we read about right, or maybe it was Georgia, I think it was Arizona though, but he had these electors who were signed up to vote for him. But once it switched from Biden to Kamala Harris, they backed out. And then the Republican operatives were showing up at their houses in the middle of the night basically trying to talk to them, knock on the door, trying to get them to vote. I think even at some point, I think they actually forged the signature of one of them. But this is really, really huge that he's not going to be on the ballot in Pennsylvania, of course, because that would eat into the numbers for Kamala Harris. Pennsylvania is going to be a dog fight, a pure dog fight. The only state that's more of a dog fight than Pennsylvania is actually North Carolina. North Carolina is only one of the swing states that did not actually go blue last time. So that's going to be the tough one to predict. But Pennsylvania I'd say is like a pure toss up. And then North Carolina is kind of really up in the air. Could be like sort of lean right, could be a toss up. Maybe you could argue it leans blue. But Cornel West now being on the ballot, absolutely huge, huge news. However, this is not the only news we have coming out of Pennsylvania. We also got a new poll that just dropped from a very solid pollster. So we got a Suffolk poll coming out there, B rated pollster. A new general election poll for Pennsylvania is probably the best Pennsylvania reading we've seen in a while. So it says new general election poll Pennsylvania Harris 49%, Trump 46%. That's plus three for Kamala Harris. This from Suffolk, a B rated pollster, likely voter 914. So in terms of margin, this is probably the largest margin we've actually seen in favor of Kamala Harris in a while. And we've actually been really getting bombarded with like a lot of low quality polls, which we're going to get through as well. So this is actually I think like the first sort of nonpartisan reputable pollster we've had in a while. However, what's really important also to notice here, the margin here is large, but they're definitely underestimating Donald Trump in this state. So I think Trump has a really high floor, but a very low ceiling. Nationally, I think his ceiling is probably 46% this time around with all the third party candidates. He wasn't even able to crack 47 in the head to head in 2020. I'm not exactly sure how he stacks up as a candidate now, compared to then he was much stronger in 2020 than he was in 2016. His favorables were far higher. And I think it's because the economy did well under his presidency. But I think, you know, his floor in the Rust Belt states is probably going to be around 47 to 48 as opposed to, you know, a ceiling of 46, right? So his ceiling is probably somewhere around 49 is probably his like absolute ceiling. So I think they're underestimating his support by probably two to 3% in this situation. So it's probably kind of around a tie here. So these kinds of polls look really good. Everyone gets really excited for these. But again, I personally would argue, let's say you had a 5149 poll, or maybe a 5150 poll, right? Maybe that's just as good, if not better than this kind of a poll, even though the margin is smaller, because it means you're cracking 50. That's the phrase I want you to remember. Cracking 50, cracking 50, cracking 50 for multiple reasons. Obviously if you get 50%, that means you have a majority. Second of all, there's not very much evidence outside of Wisconsin of any kind of underperformance for Democrats. Even in North Carolina, I think you underperformed his 538 polling aggregate on election day by about 0.2, which is not a serious amount. In Wisconsin, there was a lot of it though. There was a pretty large one. But in Pennsylvania and in Michigan, there wasn't much underperformance. It was just Trump way overperformed his numbers by 3%. So if you're polling high, there's not a high odds that your numbers are fake. It's just that his numbers are usually fake in the wrong direction for you. And in states like Georgia and Arizona, Biden way overperformed his numbers by 0.9 and 0.7 respectively. And that's the only reason why he won. If Biden did that, could you imagine how much Kamala Harris is going to actually overperform the numbers? Only God knows, right? But so I would personally keep that in mind. She's not cracking 50 in this poll. So I would say like a 5150 poll, for example, would actually be better than this kind of a, or I guess that wouldn't be a possibility, right? So I'd give you a hundred or 1%. So like a 5149 poll, for example, would be better than this, even though the margin is smaller, even though the margin is smaller, right? So this is really important to note here. So more as well, we have Poly Market here now. It looks like has kind of gotten to the point where it's basically a tie here in Pennsylvania. So in terms of the Poly Market website, this is actually a big one right now where we have like a lot of the election betting going on. And it looks like it's actually turned in favor of Kamala Harris in Pennsylvania for the first time very, very slightly. So it's another big one as well. Poly Market, I think is kind of like crypto based. So there might be something kind of going on there where they seem to be really, really heavily in favor of Trump, especially for like Arizona and Georgia and those states in North Carolina. It's almost like 6040 for Trump, which is pretty insane. I think it's completely insane. But on Poly Market, the night before Walls was chosen, there was a random surge in favor of Shapiro at the end, just randomly surging, right? Just massive random surge. But Walls ended up getting picked. So don't take the betting markets too seriously. However, I don't think they're completely worthless. They kind of give you a gauge on what certain subsets of the population are thinking. So not completely worthless, but still good. But Insider Advantage released this poll. Their B-rated polls are likely voters. They have Trump at 50 and Harris at 48. This is pretty highly unlikely. The idea that Trump is going to get 50% in any of the swing states that are not faux swing states like Texas or Florida, I guess are those faux swing states are not really swing states that we have the seven, right? The idea he'll be able to crack 50 in any of them is pretty low odds, I would say. He's not a majoritarian victor. He's a pluralistic victor. So he's not winning based off getting 50s. However, what we could see from this poll is this Insider Advantage name. We can go and check this article here. So this 538 article lists out like the most and least accurate pollsters of 2021 and 2022. What we could see is Suffolk University is literally number one. They're literally number one. For this Suffolk poll here, they're literally rated number one. So their average error was actually the lowest. So they were the most accurate in that election. But if we go down here, we could see Insider Advantage is one of the worst. They're actually eighth from the bottom, right? Five point three point average error and R plus 3.8 in terms of their bias. And so what's actually happening is there are specific markets that seem to be getting attacked with these horrible polls from the Republicans. So you could see Kamala Harris kind of barely hanging on with like this point seven point eight lead. Another thing I should also mention, historically speaking, Pennsylvania numbers are far pretty accurate. They're only off like three to three and a half points, which I know sounds like a lot. But in terms of Rust Belt State polling areas, that's on the low side. In 2020, in Michigan, it was about a bit over five points. And then Wisconsin was off by 7.7. So it's very, very low. So keep that in mind as well. We could see there's a coordinated attack happening on certain polling markets. So for example, you see this Insider Advantage poll here. This is the Suffolk University poll, which again, number one rated in all of the 2021, 2022 polling. But you could see coefficient is here. They have Trump plus two suspiciously, right? So let's see where they're at. So if we're looking at coefficient, they're actually the worst one here. So we're not trying to compute derivatives or anything. We're not doing math here. You know what I'm saying? They're so efficient. But you can see they're literally fourth from the bottom. Five point nine point average error, nearly six point average error off. And then it's R plus 5.8. So almost six point Republican bias. And then we can see Patriot polling, another one, Trump plus one. Patriot polling is here also. They are seventh from the bottom. Five point five average error, five point five partisan bias in favor of the Republicans. They only put out seven polls. So they probably put out generic ballot polling, maybe I'm not sure. But if so, if that's the case, it's even worse because those are typically far more accurate than individual district polling. I don't know exactly what the composition was. Then we have a Trafalgar here. Everyone knows Trafalgar is complete garbage. They're up here. They're like ninth from the bottom or 10th or something. Five point three point average R plus four point nine. And then we have John Wick. It looks like John Wick is also a pollster. So they're fifth from the bottom. So John Wick, not very good at polling. R plus four point six partisan bias, five point seven average. You can see there's a clear attack. There's a coordinated attack. I don't know if it's coordinated or not, but they randomly are coming in the same way that they did at the end of twenty twenty two. I'll even give you an example. We can take a look, for example, at Michigan's race for for Gretchen Whitmer. You could see like you could see in these polling aggregate in August, you know, she's up 13, 11 in September and early October 12, 11. And then all of a sudden there's a weird convergence towards like five points. Whitmer ends up winning by 10 or 11 points. So all these numbers were correct. It was just that what you can see is there's a coordinated attack. So the same people were talking about. I see Trafalgar here. Mitchell Research is another one. Inside her advantage, you know, John Wick Trafalgar Mitchell Research. You can see inside her advantage, Wick, right. We got this massive surge. Wick says Dixon plus one. Whitmer won by 10 points. Inside her advantage, Whitmer plus one. She won by 10 points. Right. Trafalgar Whitmer plus one. She won by 10 points. Wick, Whitmer plus one. She won by 10 points, etc. So there's a coordinated attack happening on specific polling markets. They're not necessarily pounding the national numbers as hard. They're specifically targeting Rust Belt states. So hopefully what ends up happening is there's a because these garbage pollsters being in here. Hopefully the Democrats are common is going to do a lot better than this than what the numbers are saying just the way they did in 2022. The only thing that would give you pause is the people that Trump picks are always really weak and he's a lot stronger than them. And so I personally am definitely very afraid of like the Trump overperformance because he always overperforms by two or three. But I would say there's sort of an overperformance function. I would say it's just a constant function. Like, for example, for the national polls, if you do like F of P equals 46 because that's what I think he's going to get. Put in whatever P you want, whatever his polling number is. Let's say a new poll says at 52 percent. Let P equals 52. F of 52 equals 46. Everything just goes to it. It's not invertible since it's not, you know, it's not injected. Right. You know, 46 getting hit by everything. But the point here being, you know, we're under attack in the polling numbers right now. We can see the evidence here. The only thing is only caveat is I hope it doesn't end up being correct because Trump is a stronger pollster, a stronger candidate. So, you know, Michigan and the primary Nikki Haley missed by 11 points. She ended up getting 26 compared to her pulled 15. So I don't know if there might be some kind of weird missed vote that we can kind of run into. But good news coming out of Pennsylvania. But I would say personally, I prefer polls. I would say 51 49 or those kinds of numbers instead where you have a higher number. But the margin may be smaller, if that makes sense. So, yeah, good news coming out of Pennsylvania for Kamala Harris.