 Hello everybody and welcome back to Red Eagle Politics. Make sure you guys like this video down below and subscribe to the channel if you are new. So the state of Pennsylvania, we talk about how important Pennsylvania is to Donald Trump's chances in the 2024 presidential election all the time because this is a state that is the largest swing state, you know, Florida and Texas, those states are not really going to be all that competitive. Democrats may be delusional about them, but still, you know, that 70 electoral votes that's already in Donald Trump's column, it's 70 electoral votes that Donald Trump doesn't really have to worry about this election cycle. So that really brings up the next big state in line because we talk about Trump already basically having locked down 235 electoral votes. Recently the poll in Nebraska's second congressional district shows him up there. I don't know if that's going to hold. It is a Democrat poll though. So it's intriguing, but Pennsylvania is ground zero. I've said it back in 2021. I said it's going to be a closed state regardless of what happens. Biden's approval rating, of course, has nosedived since then. Biden has been spending a lot of time in the state, a lot of money in the state, but still according to two recent polls, he's not really in a very good position right now. And these are polls. You have one poll that's a little bit right-leaning and for Breezio. Yeah, it's a little bit more of an internal. Doesn't mean that their track record is awful and Trump is basically outside the margin of error for victory in the state, which is a very good sign, 49% in any poll that is a very good position to be in. But also you have a pollster that had Donald Trump trailing the last poll called the Muhlenberg College poll. Now that poll has Donald Trump up by 3 percentage points in Pennsylvania. Now, Pennsylvania, I think is going to be a very closed state. It may not be a state Trump takes by any more than a point, but still it just matters that he wins it. And when you see polls that have them up, it's a good sign. Talk about May 8th in 2016 and 2020. Hillary was up by 7.4%. She lost it. Biden 4.5%. That was his lead in May. Although if you look at the 2020 polls in Pennsylvania, it is true that he led by over 7 percentage points in October. And we understand that this was one of the closest states, most contested states of the 2020 election. So the fact that Trump is polling above Biden in Pennsylvania, when Biden's the incumbent, you'd have to say is a good sign. You can't say this is a bad thing at all. You know, it is true that maybe all the polls this time don't underestimate Trump. I know we have to account for that. But keep in mind the polls in 2022 in Pennsylvania, they were pretty much on point before early voting started. And then obviously things shifted there. A lot of people voted before the Oz-Federman debate. And it's possible that there was some sort of a response bias error in some of the later polls. So in terms of that argument for 2022, but still I think it's important to take polling with a little bit of a grain of salt. I'm not saying they're dead on. I'm not saying that they possibly can't be underestimating Trump. Who knows what they're going to say at the end of the day. We're not to the conventions yet. But when you look at this, it's a very good sign for Trump. And we talk about 2020. We talk about the map because this is kind of what you're working with here. Donald Trump in a lot of the Western Pennsylvania counties sees saw gains even in 2020, despite losing ground nationwide and losing ground in the state as a whole. Is Biden going to get the black turnout he got in Pittsburgh again? Yeah, probably not. Is he going to get the black turnout? He got in the Philadelphia area. Probably not. And even then you look at some of these places really comes down to can Trump reverse some of the home region effect of Biden? I mean, seems like the novelty you could say is worn off. It's not like Biden's super popular. I mean, even when Republicans didn't do so well in 2022. Well, where did they exactly do better was Eastern Pennsylvania and that we know. So you look at it and it's like, yeah, I really think that Pennsylvania is a state Trump can pick off. And it has gotten redder. It trended red, not necessarily shift, but trended red in 2020 and Republicans have flipped statewide offices. They're the generic ballot in the House. Republicans did well. You can't necessarily blame Republicans at large for them not doing so well in terms of running candidates who either a had little ties to the states or B just got ridiculously outspent even in the areas though that didn't really have any spending in Northeastern, Pennsylvania, in the New York media market. Ironically enough, there were some Biden, most tree, Hano State House District. So, you know, it's not like it's proof that Donald Trump's going to be in a lot of trouble, especially because spending even if he gets outspent, it's a presidential year, you know, high propensity in general. High propensity voters are kind of what make up the midterm electorate. But in a presidential year, it's a little bit different and that we know. And it turns out that if anything, what we've seen in polling and what we're anticipating in terms of the election, even the primary data shows this is that Biden probably loses more votes because we're anticipating a lower turnout than 2020 than Donald Trump would lose. And will it be by enough to give Trump the victory in Pennsylvania? It's possible. It's looking good for Trump. He's up in every swing state. But again, I am somebody who obviously we know where I stand politically. We know, but I'm objective and it wouldn't be fair for me to cover the Pennsylvania polls without shedding some light on some Wisconsin news that might not be so good except, you know, we got to understand where this is coming from because you have a poll in Wisconsin. It's out of our favorite pollster. And I say that in the most ironic way possible, Quinnipiac. They are one of the most liberal polls ever, but it's impossible that Donald Trump is tied nationwide in Quinnipiac. But then Biden is a six point lead in Wisconsin. But then RFK Jr. Being in the mix would lower Biden's margin of victory by five points. Tammy Baldwin is also not up by 12 either. You know, this is a really bad poll. This is an outlier poll. I say throw it in the average, but I'm just saying in general, you look at it. Biden is not going to win the white vote in Wisconsin. Most likely he's not going to only lose non-college whites by eight points. This is not 2012 anymore. And of course, cross tabs are a little wonky in all polls. I'm not necessarily saying that that is enough in and of itself to discredit the poll. But Quinnipiac, they're known for push polls. They're not being consistent. Every other poll in Wisconsin shows something different. But even then, polls in Wisconsin, you want to use that as a metric. Well, you know, they usually have underestimated Trump by around six to seven points. This being the result in Wisconsin actually is not really all that bad, all things considered. Because Trump in Wisconsin, very hard to poll just because he's got that unique driftless area base that pollsters typically end up missing. And that's basically what Wisconsin in and of itself tends to boil down to in the polling department. Now Quinnipiac also had Trump only winning Iowa in 2020 by one. He won by over eight. They had Biden up in the state of Ohio by four points in their final poll. Trump won by eight. And Pennsylvania, they underestimated Trump by over five. So it's not like Quinnipiac is really the strongest pollster, especially in the Rust Belt. And they're not really the strongest pollster, period. So like I said, throw it in the average. But there's a lot of doom and gloom from a lot of people, even on the right, about this election. And I personally have said, I really am worried about this election. Because like I said, I'm not saying Trump's not the favorite. I'm just saying that you can't underestimate the stupidity of the general public and how many NPCs there are in this election. Even though it's very likely that this election is going to have a more transparent process. And we see that in Georgia. We see that here. You know, they're signing new election legislation there. They've passed it in Arizona. Even in Michigan, they're going to be counting the early votes first. And the RNC is investing in a lot of election security measures. I don't think there's much of a reason for concern in that department. But I will say again, the general public is something that is really a tough nut to crack in regards to a lot of these people. We're very polarized as a nation. So what it comes down to is turnout. That's what it comes down to. And in terms of turnout, Donald Trump, you got to get that turnout operation going. I have faith they will. You know, we're in May. We're not to the convention. It's yet and it really just comes down to turn out at the end of the day. Are we getting out our voter base? And that's really all that matters because we have pretty much enough voters already in the country to win. But again, there's probably a lot of brainwashed voters for the other side to win. So we got to get our base out. That's what it comes down to get the base out. The RNC was gutted. Now it's changing. It's improving. But will it improve enough to give Donald Trump a boost? I'd like to think so. They're raising a lot more money now. It's a very good thing. Trump's case in New York is falling apart. Even if he still ends up getting convicted. I don't think it's going to hurt him at this point. His case in Florida is basically out the window. The Georgia and DC cases likely aren't happening before the election either. So there's a lot to really look forward to in regards to this election. We really haven't hit the campaign strides and Donald Trump has gone up in the polls despite being on trial too, which is something that needs to be taken into account. But the polls have been pretty even nationally and they show a Trump victory. So if the if the voter base turns out well, you know, I think it's going to be something that's going to give Donald Trump a boost. So we'll have to see what happens on that front. But again, a lot of doom. A lot of doom. I see from people Indiana's primary Donald Trump got 78% of the vote against Nikki Haley in Indiana that prompted a lot of people to claim that oh, well Trump is having a lot of Republicans defect from him. But here's the deal. It's an open primary in the state of Indiana. And what this shows is that Biden he wasn't even running against anybody. But Democrats were meddling in the Republican primaries down ballot for governor. Some of these House races you name it and they were able to kind of make Mike Braun underperform and make Donald Trump underperform as well. But if you had Trump's voter base up and you give give all the Haley voters to bite, I'm not sure. I'm sure a lot of them may come home to Trump. Maybe they were Republicans. Maybe they just said oh, well I supported her in the primary. They're going to check the box for Haley probably around 30 40% of her voters probably are Republicans and pretty much all of them likely will come home to Donald Trump or maybe already have doesn't change the fact that Democrats are meddling in the Republican primary even though Haley dropped out. There's less of a reason for it down ballot candidates. You know, they were going up against Trump's endorsement and there was no Democrat primary that was open on the governor's side. But if you add all the Biden and Haley voters up together and you compare it to the Trump vote Donald Trump would technically win the state by 21 points based off of Trump and not Trump and that's giving all the Haley voters to Biden which is not entirely probably the way that it's going to go in November and you can extrapolate from this is the main point. Am I saying Trump's going to win it by 21 points? Honestly, I think he's going to win it by around 20. He could win by 21 but still like to say that this proves that Donald Trump is Jover, you know by that logic. He technically did better than Biden and Haley combined in the state. So wouldn't that mean Biden is more over? I don't exactly understand these people's logic when it comes down to these primaries like we explained Pennsylvania very well. It was a mix of several things but Trump is still breaking records with the zombie vote and he technically does it again in Indiana. But apparently it's over for him despite the fact that Indiana is like an open primary and Biden's not really getting a lot of votes. So I think that a lot of people are reading into this type of stuff way too much and that's the way it is. If you want to read into it too much, Trump's in trouble in Indiana but apparently, you know Biden in Minnesota despite running up against literally nobody getting 71% of the vote. No, that's no warning sign to these people even though I think that's a much larger warning sign, especially as these protests are kind of ramping up because this conflict in the Middle East is showing no signs of stopping. But nevertheless, I will say that last night was a decent night for Trump, but down ballot Republicans, you know a lot of crossover voting and you see the establishment propping up certain candidates that are weaker. You had somebody who supports gun control that won like an R plus 20 district. It's a disgrace and it's something that we need to make sure doesn't happen again. But these open primaries coupled with a lot of big money. Yeah, that's exactly the result that you get but still Donald Trump is fine. He's up in Pennsylvania. He's up in most polls in Wisconsin. It's looking good for him. Georgia the new law even better more security people will be less demotivated based off of their faith in the election. So we'll see what happens guys. But anyways, make sure you like this video down below comment down below subscribe to the channel hit the bell for notification. So you never miss another video. Follow me on social media. The links are all in the description down below and I will see you guys in the next one. Red Eagle out.