 When you watch this clip, I want you to ask yourself, can you ever imagine Donald Trump acting this way towards voters? Ever. Because Kamala Harris just got a debate prep in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and she greeted voters in the best way possible. This is one of the many reasons why I'm voting for her, not just policy, not just because she defends Democrats and democracy, and she is a new way forward and an inspiring visionary leader. Not just because of that, but because also she's just a nice person. Watch this. I'm going to stand up for this, you know. We're going to be fine. We're going to be fine. We are all in this together. Yes, we are. We're going to be fine. Yes, we are. Yes, we are. Yes, we are. Did you get some spices in the way? I'm just a prosperous person. It's all good. It's all good. It's all good. We're standing strong. We love our country. Absolutely. Yeah, that's right. Who's this? This is a relative of yours? No, no, no. It's a new friend. Hi. Hi, you guys. You're a normal lawyer in Pittsburgh here, and I just admire your work so much. What can allow you for consumer protection? Good for you. I'm protecting consumers. So you know, that's the work I did at AG. Yes, yes, yes. That's really good stuff. Of course, come on. Come on. Oh, my God, I'm shaking. I did not get it. Can someone take it for me? Of course. Who are the yellow jackets? Come here. Oh, I'm doing my school. They're your school? What school is that? Freeport. Freeport? What's your name? Charlotte. Nice to meet you, Charlotte. I'm from Brooklyn. Are you cooking also? What are you doing here? Did you bring an adult with you? Yeah. How are you? Can I have a hug? Yes, come here. Of course. How's school going? Has it started? Yeah. It's going well? Yeah. What's your teacher's name? My homeroom teacher is Mr. Gala. Mr. Gala? Mm-hmm. Okay, will you deliver a message to your teacher? And are you going to have to say the vice president asked me to deliver this message? Okay, here's the message. Thank you for being a teacher. Will you do that for me? Okay, high five. There we go. Ah, you're a good leader already. Come on. Yes, come on. Come here. This is nice. Got it. Thank you so much. Thank you, guys. Thank you. You keep doing your work. You're doing good. That's good work. Yes, we are. Can I get a picture? Yes, we are. Come on. Okay, here's the picture. Got it. Get Karen's in there. Come on, Karen. Thank you. Thank you so much. All right. We're doing it together. He's a teacher. Yes. You are? Yes, yes, yes. What level? Seventh grade geography. Oh, bless you. Social studies, yes. Good. Thank you. Thank you. And you know Tim Lall's talk about that. Yes, yes. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I mean, how can you watch that and not feel excited and hopeful? I think Americans are just so sick of the anger and the despair and the hatred and the disunification, the other ring of others, the other ring of others, the other ring of the other. You know what I mean? And what a fresh breath air. Fresh breath. I cannot speak today. What a breath of fresh air that Kamala Harris is showing that America can look like love, can look like lifting people up, can look like unification. So that's in Pennsylvania. And I hope it's not close. It might be. But if that's Pennsylvania, those are some Pennsylvania voters. That makes me feel really good. But we got to take this to the finish line. We got to take this to the finish line. Kamala Harris was also asked, this is a short clip, but Kamala Harris is also asked if she is ready to debate Donald Trump. Look at the confidence in this woman's eyes, the way she answers. Watch. Are you ready to face Donald Trump? Yes, I am. Yes. Best part of debate prep. I'm ready to watch Kamala Harris. I am ready to watch you destroy that man. I still don't know what my debate plans are. I am trying to find out if I can stream it on YouTube. So stay tuned for that. It might be something different. Maybe I'll do a preview to the debate. Can't stream the debate, but maybe I'll live tweet it. So let me know what you your plans are for the debate. I'm talking to other YouTubers to find out if we can stream it. I feel like we should be able to. It should be public domain, but I could get a copyright strike and that would mess me up and mess up the channel and it might not be recommended anymore for a while. So it's just maybe not worth the risk. But I am reviewing my plans this weekend for the debate and I'm really looking forward to it because Donald Trump is not doing any prep whatsoever. And Kamala Harris has been preparing her whole life for this moment, the prosecutor versus the criminal. And I think that's going to be on full display on Tuesday. I don't know about you, but I am excitedly anxious. I'm looking forward to it, but I'm also just like this is going to be a big moment. I don't think it's fair that there's so much expectation put on her and very little put on Donald Trump when it comes to debate. And I think it's obviously just a larger problem with the way the media just expects the worst from him. And so the bar is so low and they expect excellence from her. Thankfully she can deliver on that excellence, but that means one mistake, one slip up is ten times worse for her than it ever would be for Donald Trump when Donald Trump can't even answer coherently what his childcare policy is. So I'm looking forward to the debate. I'm loving, I'm like a campaign, get her out there more. Get her out there more. We need more stuff like this. We need to see her with voters because it is just energy fuel. It's hope fuel. It just makes me so excited and inspired to see someone like that with that energy, that optimism, that caringness who could be our next president. And I just really hope that we can do everything we can to make it a reality because we deserve this.