 As Kamala Harris courts voters in Pennsylvania, black Greek life is thrust into the spotlight. For black Americans, the path to the polls wasn't without cost. For parts of two centuries, scores of black men and women put their lives on the line for the right to vote, and that's what keeps voter engagement as a top priority for the National Panhellenic Council, the governing body for nine of the country's oldest and most prominent black sororities and fraternities. Commonly referred to as the Divine Nine, the Collaborative boasts more than 2.5 million active members nationwide. This year, the organizations have been thrust into the national spotlight in a new way. Vice President Kamala Harris, a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha since her undergraduate days at Howard University, is the Democratic candidate for president, and in Pennsylvania, where Ms. Harris needs a big black turnout to carry the state in November. The historic coalition might prove to be a powerful voting and mobilization bloc. Throughout the Pittsburgh region, the Divine Nine's influence is prevalent. At Shetley Quad, the heart of the University of Pittsburgh's campus, a plot displays each of the Divine Nine's seals and founder's names. Pitt is one of few predominantly white institutions with such a tribute, according to its website. Ms. Harris is an active member of AKA, the oldest Greek letter organization established by African-American college-educated women, and has said the organization changed her life. Since taking office as vice president, she's attended numerous Divine Nine engagements, including her own sororities boule on July 10. Throughout our history, the leaders of Alpha Kappa Alpha have stood up, spoken out, and done the work to build a brighter future for our nation. She said at the event in Dallas, including of course in 2020 when during the height of a pandemic, you helped elect Joe Biden president of the United States and me as the first woman elected vice president of the United States. Only once in the past four presidential elections, Donald Trump's victory in 2016, did fewer than 90 percent of Pennsylvania's black voters support the Democratic nominee. It was the only election of the four that the Keystone State went Republican. While acknowledging the heightened public interest toward AKA this year, Valerie McDonald Roberts, the connection and social action committee chairwoman at the Pittsburgh graduate chapter, affirmed the sorority's mission has largely stayed the same. This year is an exceptional year, but it does not differ from our efforts from years past, she said. We are all charged with a nonpartisan, non-candidate mantra to engage in public policy, voter registration, education, engagement, and mobilization. Around Pittsburgh, those efforts include debate watch parties and voter registration events, and distributing candidate information to high school and college campuses. Last week, dozens of undergraduate students from various colleges in Pittsburgh gathered for a voter education event dubbed voting 101 with the pretty girls hosted by undergraduate members of AKA. Although these events are advertised as nonpartisan, several moves from the divine nine on a national scale have exhibited a shift from its traditional activism. In August, AKA formed the political action committee to raise money to support federal candidates, joining other divine nine organizations that recently made the same move. And just days after Ms. Harris moved to the top of the presidential ticket this summer, every divine nine president pledged in a joint statement to meet this critical moment in history with an unprecedented voter registration, education, and mobilization coordinated campaign. Nadia Brown, a professor of government and chair of the women's and gender studies program at Georgetown University, and a Delta Sigma Theta sorority number, said members have already shored up behind the vice president. These are civil rights organizations. They were founded on political activism, she said. We are all part of the divine nine. We're going to support this black woman who understands our collective indigenous black organizations. Ms. Harris ties to the coalition might also prove to be a way to re energize black male voters, who Republicans have increasingly begun to view as an attainable slice of the electorate. While younger black men traditionally have been one of the most consistently democratic leaning demographics, a recent NAACP poll showed that a quarter of them said they would support Republican candidate Donald Trump in the 2024 presidential election. It's an alarm. We have one group of people who are solidly democratic supporters moving over, Ms. Brown said, black voters have historically prioritized policies on civil rights and economic mobility, leading to overwhelming support for Democrats. Now research shows that wealth creation, entrepreneurship, police reform, and anti discrimination policies in the workplace are prominent issues for many younger black men. However, she said recent voting initiatives within the divine nine have further strengthened bonds between members, including men. All of us members are cheering for Kamala in our own organizations and capacities the same way, she said. My's Brown said older black voters are more motivated by representation than Generation Z and millennials. They grew up during Barack Obama's presidency, she said, they're excited for Kamala, but it's a different type of rationalization about why they're excited for her. A lot of it is tied to policy preferences. Jabari Michael Kensu, a Kappa Alpha Psi alum chapter member and a pit graduate, echoed her sentiment. He called Ms. Harris affiliation a point of pride, but not the primary reason young divine nine members have rallied behind her. He said it's because her policies, such as her plan to provide first time homebuyers with up to $25,000 to help with down payments will benefit them. We're all going to rally together behind her to support her because there's power in the black vote, power in the black community in America, he said, it drives the economy, it drives culture, and it should drive the election.