 All of you all welcome back to yet another political episode. So we got great news and also breaking news. Donald Trump is winning Pennsylvania. You heard that right. Donald Trump is winning Pennsylvania. And as you can see, the average is slowly going down. We're taking a look at the Rasmussen reports poll that was in the margin of error. It shows Donald Trump defeating Kamala Harris by 3 percentage points. This is huge. Seeing that the last two polls, three polls, et cetera, two polls were three, as you know, three point wins for Kamala Harris. Well, not necessarily. You'll see it's without of the margin of error. So what this is possibly saying is we're seeing Kamala Harris polls getting more skewed up. Right. This poll is out of the margin of error, meaning, OK, there's this poll is the likelihood of this poll being accurate is very, very low. Well this poll is in the margin of error. Anything out of three percentage points is considered out of the margin of error. Seeing as a three percentage points means, yeah, it's in the margin of error. So this is this can be very well likely. Donald Trump defeating Kamala Harris by three percentage points. By this itself, this should be enough to take out the average and giving it to Trump. But you know how Wikipedia is there in the bag for Kamala Harris and they're going to purposely be so they're going to purposely be slow about it. They are left wing cope. OK, they're in a left wing cope. And ideally we could just say Donald Trump has taken the average right now. But then again, we like to follow the book. We'll just wait and we don't know necessarily what Wikipedia is basically saying here. You could say that some of these polls here have registered these two polls that showed Kamala Harris out of the margin of error for her victory. So who knows? So today we'll be looking at a 0.5 victory for Kamala Harris where it's currently at right now, despite a huge win for Donald Trump. I could expect this poll to be out. Like, for instance, it should be in like this itself would bring Donald Trump out in the margin of error. Obviously, Donald Trump, the victor in this said election by I would say tomorrow. I mean, you guys can update me if you want. But this is what we're going to go ahead and do. We're going to take a look at Pennsylvania and try to predict a Harris point five. So this is what I'm thinking. Obviously Donald Trump is going to gain some. Let's see. Let's first off move percentage points real quickly. OK, now it's oh yeah, this is a Harris point five already. But ideally and realistically, more now it's a Harris point four. More of these said groups are going to move. So ideally you could say, oh yeah, Northampton County, there's a chance Northampton County does flip in favor for Kamala Harris. So it says basically we got these counties said decided already. The question is, will Northampton County or Erie County be in the hands of Donald Trump or Kamala Harris? It's really 50 50. We just said a side Kamala Harris point five said victory. Looking at. The results are just two counties, the Bellwether counties of Pennsylvania are tossed up. We honestly do not know where they should go. Traditionally, Erie and Northampton County have been voting for the winner since I want to believe since I don't I want to think. Seventy six. I don't know. I kind of forgot. 1988, which would be 1988, 1992. Never mind. 1992, they've originally been voted together. But what we're seeing right now is a Harris plus four would look like this. Yeah, I'm I'm not too sure. But, yeah, let's dip it down more. That's a Harris point three. So. First off, let's predict how the demographics will go. White non college student, I think white non college student will increase to point three. OK, 63 percentage points. OK, and the. So you can look at 10. OK, there should be a two percentage point. Yeah, you'll see this is shaping up to be a Donald Trump victory. And this is so far our prediction. Let's see, college student will be. There we go. Yeah, it's shaping up. Look that way, three point two. African-American. We'll say 86 percent in Pennsylvania. There should be a double digit amount for Trump. At a two percentage point clip. Hispanic should go down to 59. And this would be. For. OK, then Asian. Or how about 58 would be. All right. This was would be my demographical prediction. Trump plus point four point six. But this is not what the polls the polls are saying right now. Obviously, things are changing here. You're seeing more Trump polls coming in, which is obviously great. So what would a the question is, I'm going to bring it up again. What would a Harris point is? So what would a the question is, I'm going to bring it up again. What would a Harris point five victory look like? So let's see. Obviously, let's bring it down. A little bit. To. E seven. I mean, with these demographics itself, I would find it very hard for. Connell Harris to win the state of Pennsylvania. It would be like impossible, which definitely, in my case, increases my argument, makes my point that, you know what? Yeah. It the likelihood is. That Donald Trump in this case, let's just increase it a little bit more. OK. Fifty nine will probably be OK. And this looks like a Harris point. Uh, two victory. Let's just move it to sixty one for the maximum. We'll do fifty five. And. This is a Harris point one Harris point five. And you'll see Erie and Northampton are voting against Harris. An interesting scenario, but you'll see how close the margin is. So. Let's see what we'll give it. Yeah, even if I move this, it's still a Trump win. Fifty five percent of four Harris versus college students would still in this case. OK. All right, sixty one percent Hispanic. The original number was sixty four. This we're looking realistic here. Sixty five. Was the older number. All right. Let's see if we increase. All right, let's just increase to the college student a little bit. OK, now it's a Harris point eight. I don't know what to tell you. This is Harris point seven. I would think Northampton we have it a little which a ruse scenario. But what about turnout? How would turnout differ? All right. That's a one pointer. OK, now it's starting to look. Like what I want it to look like. So this would be a Harris zero point five. If this is what it's trying to say. So Northampton for Trump, Erie for Harris. I think it's a little weird if you don't mind me saying it's. A little off because usually. You have these two counties, Erie, Northampt like you had in twenty twenty three. Erie County went for Republicans while Northampton went Democrat. And so it's a little off. It's a little weird, if you will, that we're having Northampton only go in the direction of in this case. Um, Donald Trump. But yeah, this is what it's saying a zero point five percent win for Kamala Harris. So this is probably going to be our prediction. What do you guys think? And you guys think obviously if Donald Trump, he definitely is in a perfect position to take back the average. If we continue to get more of these polls out, I guarantee you one. This should be Trump of Trump win right now. I am not sure why it isn't. It could be Wikipedia's coping. But ideally we know real real clear politics is already having a Trump win. A zero point three percent point Trump win. But what do you guys think? Let me know down below and as always, I'll see you all in the next political episode.