 Senator Bob Casey, welcome to the show. Senator Bob Casey, of course, is running for reelection in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Senator, I got to ask you what in the world was happening in Wilkes-Barre with that Donald Trump David McCormick speech? It was it was odd to say the least. I just want to get your reaction to it from this weekend. Ben, every time they seem to gather with their presidential candidate, they seem very perplexed and confused. They don't seem to know what what their message should be. And so they just kind of tear everybody on our side down instead of lifting people up. But look, I think as as people go forward and begin to really deliberate about this election, I think they're seeing that difference. The difference in the national at the national level with Kamala Harris and Tim Walz, and even in races like mine or congressional races, people know there's a basic difference between the two candidates. And as long as they know those differences, whether it's on voting rights and democracy or women's rights or workers rights and on big economic issues like tax policy, I think we're going to do OK, but they seem to be unsure of how to how to make the argument. Well, look, the guy you're running against, Dave McCormick, he's a Connecticut hedge fund guy to begin with. Frankly, I didn't know what he stood for in general. But when he then aligns himself with Donald Trump's extremism, not only is it valueless, but it then just gets weird. And they start trying to stow culture wars within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Like I heard David McCormick over the weekend saying that Democrats, they're they're coming for your stakes. If you like red meat, they're going to take your red meat. Let me show you what McCormick said. Then I want to get your reaction. It's just it's just some weird stuff. You're play this clip. And just when you think it can't get worse, she said she wants the government to stop you all from eating red meat. I'm laughing, but it's not funny. Some weird stuff, Senator, what do you when you see that? I mean, you're running against this guy. You've been a senator since 2007. You know, you've run what now six or seven statewide elections that you've that you've won. You know, the Commonwealth and you've got someone like that coming into the state and saying stuff like that. It must be. What's your reaction to that? Well, there are a lot of words. I'll just pick one bizarre. I mean, look, I think most people know what's at stake. But I think what what that clip shows you is how far some candidates are willing to go to genuflect to you know who? It's really, I think, insulting people in an election like this when so much is on the line. Expect this to be a debate about real issues. And this this part of the problem is with with David McCormick or other candidates is they have to talk about these other things and create these these wild scenarios that are not based in fact, because they're they need a distraction from the problems they're having on so many other issues. I mean, McCormick is a is a candidate who's already lied to the people about where he lives. He's lied about how he grew up. He said he grew up with nothing. His father was a university president. He wasn't Abe Lincoln growing up. He had a pretty good upbringing and had a pretty secure life growing up just like I did. So why would you lie about saying it came from nothing? Why would you lie about your position on abortion, his position on on the work he did when he was running a company in Pittsburgh years ago and he was outsourcing jobs and and claiming he was creating jobs. That was a report that that that caught him in that lie. And then he then he tried to to to tell why about his in his hedge fund investments in China's largest producer of fentanyl. And that turned out not to be true what he was saying. So over and over again lying. So they're trying to distract and talk about other things instead of what most people are concerned about, which is often something very basic like, you know, the cost of groceries and how much people pay at the grocery store. You know, Senator, I thought when you were talking about what most people are concerned about, I thought you were going to say whether or not it was a sketch artist that drew Vice President Kamala Harris on the front page of the Time magazine cover, because that seems to be the Republicans biggest. But it's actually groceries and it's actually the economy and protecting social security because Donald Trump's doing a whole lot of talking in your state in the Commonwealth about, well, this here play this clip. I mean, Time magazine, think of this Time magazine. Doesn't have a picture of her. They have this unbelievable artist drawing her. And I said, is that Sophia Lauren? I couldn't. Who might that be? Is that Elizabeth Taylor? They say she was a beautiful woman. Who is it? So beautiful drawing. It's a drawing. They took a lot of pictures. It didn't work out. So they hired a sketch artist. I said, I'm sure, oh, they must be celebrating the great life and times of the magnificently beautiful Sophia Lauren. Senator Casey, you're telling me that the people of the Commonwealth not focused on that. They're they're focused on other issues. That is I mean, he was in the way back machine there. For a good while. But but look, it's bizarre because they they don't want to talk about their their policies on privatizing social security, voucherizing Medicare and decimating Medicaid. And that's that's what they've been talking about the last 10 years. They don't want to talk about continuing the tax cuts for the billionaires, the wealthiest people in the world and the biggest corporations in the world, because they know that if they talk about that stuff, they're going to lose a lot of votes. So I think it's my opponent is even when I started issuing reports on greed, flash and way back in November of last year, he attacked me for it. He was kind of excusing the companies, I guess, either directly or indirectly, excusing companies for engaging in price coaching like it's, you know, it's OK to to gouge someone. And if you challenge that somehow, you're you know, you're you're you're anti anti anti company, anti corporate. But we're going to keep going on this. We're going to keep challenging. And these companies on their prices and keep pointing out when they're jacking up their prices on food and household items and forcing people to pay higher prices just because they can get away with it because they can unless you have price gouging legislation passed. Now, look, I'm seeing big enthusiastic pro democracy crowds in Pennsylvania made up, frankly, of Democrats, liberals, progressives, independents. But also I'm seeing a lot of mainstream Republicans who just yesterday I think the chant was no more Trump. We've had enough of that negativity. And with Vice President Kamala Harris and Governor Walz injecting joy and like to plans, it seems a lot of enthusiasm. I saw the crowds of Rochester yesterday. What do you make of them? Is there a vibe change that you're seeing in Pennsylvania that your campaign is seeing right now? No question about it, Ben. The in the the evidence for the for that is is is all over the you know, all over the the campaigns. You can see it in fundraising, of course, and that's been widely reported. But what has not been widely reported because there's just so much of it out there and you almost have to to catalog all the the anecdotal data. But the volunteers, I mean, we've seen we've seen in Pennsylvania the number of volunteers increasing not by thousands, but by tens of thousands since since Kamala Harris announced her candidacy. So this Republicans know that they know that that this is a change in the dynamic. And so they're going to continue to try to distract and and and and denigrate. But I don't think it's going to work very well. And look, one of the reasons, one of the reasons my opponent was was touted as as someone who could defeat me is because he could bring his personal wealth to this race. He's already put in four million dollars and we expect him to put in a hell of a lot more than that this month, next month and on October. But he's had the benefit of these big super packs who are paying for most of his advertising for this, for the very reasons we just talked about. The the the donors to this super pack want the Republican agenda. They want they want to go after Social Security. They want to cut Medicare. They don't like the Medicaid program. They want to continue to rig the tax cut or the tax code for the their big tax cuts. And they certainly don't like when I say, hey, I won't vote for your tax cuts for big companies and billionaires, but they also don't like when I'm criticizing these big companies on grief. There is also this clip circulating this morning that's going viral. Donald Trump, when he was in Bedminster, made that really horrible statement and said that people who get the Medal of Freedom are better. Then people who get the Medal of Honor risk their lives and serve in the military. And then he had his kind of right wing media with him in Wilkesbury and they tried to clean it up, but he just doubled down on what he said. So here's the clip that's circulating this morning. This happened in Wilkesbury, Pennsylvania. Let's play it and get your reaction. So many veterans are upset about that, including here in Pennsylvania. No, I didn't hear that. I only heard when I say better, I would rather in a certain way get it because people that get the Congressional Medal of Honor, which I've given to many, are often horribly wounded or dead. They're often dead. They get it posthumously. And when you get the Congressional Medal of Honor, I always consider that to be the ultimate, but it is a painful thing to get it. When you get the Presidential Medal of Freedom, it's usually for other things like you've achieved great success in sports or you've achieved great success someplace else. When you get the Medal of Honor, generally speaking, and I've met many of them and I've seen the families of many of them. This is an incredible honor. But it was a statement that is much more painful to get because they're oftentimes in very bad shape. I've seen them come up and they've suffered greatly. Whereas the Presidential Medal of Freedom, to my knowledge, I don't think anybody suffered other than they've, you know, they've worked hard and they've done great things. Once a military award, once a civilian award, but sometimes very painful to get the other. What's your reaction to that in Donald Trump's statements in general saying that the Medal of Freedom is better than the Medal of Honor? It's insulting and he just made it worse with that statement there. And look, this is a moment where leaders in their party, including David McCormick, he's the Republican nominee running for the United States Senate in Pennsylvania. He should be condemning this. He served in the Army. I would hope that he would condemn this, but I haven't heard a word about condemnation. Just like when the former president said months ago that basically said that the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Milley, should be assassinated. It should be killed. And my opponent said nothing about that. So it's this, I'll say it again, genuflecting to this man. And my opponent has not shown the courage to stand up and to condemn. That statement by the former president, that one and the one preceding it, should be categorically condemned. But you're not going to hear that from Republicans like David McCormick because they're afraid to condemn what he says when he insults people and denigrates even those who served our country. And Senator, right now in the past 48 hours, we've got about 29 million people who are watching the Midas Touch Network. So you're speaking to a big pro-democracy audience here, liberals, progressives, independents and mainstream Republicans who reject mass. What's your overall message about the election generally and your election in Pennsylvania? Well, first and foremost, when you made reference to those who were trying to protect democracy, that it couldn't be more important this election in terms of taking the steps we have to take to protect our democracy. That starts with voting rights. That's why I've said over and over again that this is an election which is about one word, rights. Voting rights and democracy, women's rights, workers rights, you could add to that list, obviously. But so that's all on the line in this race. Every one of those three examples of important rights we have to protect. I'm on one side, David McCormick's on the other. He'll never vote for the John Lewis voting rights legislation. He'll never vote for the Women's Health Protection Act, which is we tried to advance in the aftermath of the Dobbs decision. And he'll never support the Protecting the Right to Organize Act to protect working men and women so you can organize the union. So it's a clear choice on rights, but it's also a clear choice on Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, the tax code. You could make a very long list. But here's the good news. As much as we're divided, I think you're starting to see the country coming together, at least the consensus that is on the side of protecting those rights and making sure that we hold big corporations accountable and that we change the tax code so that low-income folks and middle-class folks get a break and the corporations and the billionaires have to pay their fair share. I think there's an emerging consensus on that. I think people are going to vote in big numbers. That's the good news for our democracy. People are going to vote in big numbers. I think by the end of this, I'm going to win my race. And I think Kamala Harris and Tim Walz will win at the national level. Senator Bob Casey running for reelection in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. You could find out more about Senator Casey at bobkacy.com. You all see the signs behind him and you can also text MAP to 5 1 0 4 1. Senator Bob Casey, thanks for joining us. Thank you. Hit subscribe, everybody. Let's get to three million subscribers this week and have a great day. Real quick, Medigys changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers. You don't miss a beat.