 US What's up YouTube this is 2raw4TV. Alright, so according to reports, top Democratic officials in Pennsylvania are concerned that Kamala Harris is losing ground in the state of Pennsylvania. Of course Pennsylvania is one of the pivotal seven swing states that Trump and Kamala, Trump and Harris have been focusing on in this election. The electorate at large has become very polarized to the point where the number of states that are actually winnable for either candidate like they're both at play has dwindled. Back in like 1960 or so I say, 1960 there were probably something like 40 states that were at play, 40. Now it's down to seven because of polarization. A Democrat has no chance in hell, a national Democrat at least, has no chance in hell at all. I mean, I've won the state of Utah, Idaho, Wyoming, generally the Dakotas, the Prairie areas, they don't have a chance to hell. A Republican's not going to win a campaign in California. For the most part in Hawaii, for the most part at large in New York, just not going to happen. But anyway, they're concerned that Kamala is not having an effect, her campaign does not have an effective strategy. It doesn't help with Obama, what he just did. That really have sent them into a tailspin. Now let me say this, I'm not saying that she can't win this election. I'm not even sure if she's going to lose Pennsylvania. I don't think that it's a lie to say that over the past two weeks, if she had a lead, she's squandering it. Part of it is this, in my opinion, this is my opinion. I don't understand this outreach crap that they're doing. Like, oh man, you know things are bad when Dick Cheney is coming out for Kamala, Karl Rolv is coming out for Kamala, Mitt Romney is coming out for Kamala. I think when you start having Republicans come out for you, and we're not talking about rhinos. This ain't like necessarily John McCain, even though I don't think he was a rhino really. When I say rhino, I'm a Republican in any moment. We're not talking about people who are fundamentally against the Republican Party now. They don't really align with their current Republican Party. Liberals who just may have some fiscal conservatism and philosophically Republicans, but they're not really aligned with them anymore. Abortion, other social issues. We got war mongers. We do remember Dick Cheney's the guy who was seen as like this side of Henry Kissinger, the worst foreign policy, even though he wasn't really foreign policy. But you know what I mean? He basically was, especially in Bush's first term, he was seen as basically like the co-president. Dick Cheney was pretty much seen as this side of Henry Kissinger, the worst war criminal. In the last 50, 60 years, and now that Kissinger is dead, he's the worst, this is saying that it was equating with Darth Vader. This is saying that it shot someone in the face on a hunting trip and the guy he shot in the face apologized to him. That same Dick Cheney, you want to align yourself with him. You align yourself with all these neo, these neo-cons, right? All these neo-cons who were the worst people in the world. Remember Keith Oldman had this show on MSNBC, the worst person in the world. All of a sudden, all these people who were always, you know what I'm saying, every night on deck is the worst people in the world. Now all of a sudden they're aligned with Kamala. So what is that saying about Kamala? What is that saying? To me, it sounds like they're saying she is going to be a lock and step, more mongering, if needed, be status quo, establishment candidate. Because anybody who's really for you, who's bucking the system, they're not going to be for. That's why they're running this misinformation campaign now against Jill Stein, or a vote for Jill Stein, there's a vote for Trump, a vote for Cornel West, there's a vote for Trump. Who kills this shit? Even though that's not really true, they don't align themselves with Donald Trump. What it is is these people are tired of the Democratic Party and they're bullshit. So that means they have to play spoiler and Trump becomes president. Well that's a punishment. That means look, Jill Stein and Cornel West are running for office, not because they promote Trump, but because they represent a constituency or Democratic ideals that the party is neglecting to acknowledge. Or certain voter demographics, or voter constituencies I should say, or being ignored and abused by the Democratic Party and misused. And then she, like I said, in line with what I'm talking about with all these Republicans all of a sudden that are so friendly with her, Mitt Romney. Well, this is the same dude that Joe Biden said, you know, he gets elected, he's going to put y'all in chains. Now he's in line with, you know, camera. Or at least by default he's in line with camera, right? Now, along with that, right, why is she outreaching to rural areas of Pennsylvania? I see the same thing in Georgia. These people are not going to vote for you. They're not. They're not going to vote for you. And then another thing the campus is doing that's pissing me off is she's trying to, she's trying to be everything to everybody. You do this interview with Charlotte May the God and you go out there and you talk about how, you know, when it comes to reparations, well, you know, I'm open to it or something that effect or, you know, we're willing to look into that. We got to do more study, which is, which is cold for we're not doing shit because the Democrats been doing study on this shit for 40 something years or damn near 40 years. They've been doing studying of a bridge for 40 years, but you can cut the check for Israel. We can cut the check for Ukraine. You can cut the check for Native Americans. You can cut the check for Chinese American or Japanese American, excuse me, with the internment camps, you can cut the check for, you know, the small hats and what happened to them, which we had nothing to do with, but the American government can cut checks for that. But when it comes to the greatest atrocity of the past 400 years, five years, slavery in the United States, you got to do more study on that. So you won't defend the re talk about that. You sidestep that crap, but you want us to go hard to paint and support this sister, as you call her, even though her family has a history of being slave owners themselves in Jamaica, right? Even though this woman has no connections to the black community, grew up in Berkeley, other than Canada, doesn't have a foundational black American family. She's not a fundamental black American herself. And even though she wasn't, she just has no ties at all. That's a pattern that we see with these tokens in the Democratic party, the ones they promote. They don't have ties to the black community. That's why Jesse Jackson, the only guy as far as he did, because they didn't want Jesse Jackson to heart be away from the presidency. They wanted Mike to caucus to pick him an idiot. He picked, who was it? Lloyd Benson. Then in 92, some people wanted Bill Clinton to pick Jesse Jackson. He wasn't going to pick no Negro. He picked Al Gore. That's the point. By 1996, Jesse Jackson had to beg, beg for airtime at that convention. Remember, Jesse Jackson was the second highest vote getter in 88. Usually when you're the second highest vote getter going into a convention, you have a bright political future. He was alienated by the Democratic party. Why? Because Jesse Jackson, for all his flaws, was pro-FBA. And if you're pro-FBA, and if you're not pro-majority in this country, you're not going to go far in the Democratic party at all. So that party ain't Democratic. By the way, the Democratic party has also pushed numerous lawsuits to keep candidates like Jill Stein, candidates like Cornel West, off the ballot in swing states. Why? Because they know that those candidates are going to hurt their candidate camel. But remember, eight years ago, the left-wing media didn't have any problems pushing Evan McMullen, who was a right-wing third party candidate who hurt Trump, even though Trump still won. Now they're pushing this misinformation campaign that Jill Stein is a Trump agent, and Jill Stein is only running the hurt camel. Jill Stein's run for president for 25 fucking years. What the fuck are you talking about? She's very left of center. If anything, the real reason why Hillary Clinton lost wasn't Jill Stein. It was because of her boneheaded strategy, taking a black vote for granted, thinking the blue wall was impenetrable. And the real reason, the real vote siphoner wasn't Jill Stein, but it was, what's his name? The governor, former governor of New Mexico. What the hell is his name? Libertarian candidate. Gary, what the hell is his name? Gary Johnson. He was the one that really hurt the Democratic Party. But, you know, I don't know how this election is going to go. Pennsylvania has 19 electoral votes, so that's going to be a pivotal state. That was the state that decided the 2020 election. If you recall, that's the state that put Joe Biden over the top in 2020. That was very pivotal. But I mean, I don't know how true this is, but I look, me personally, I think Trump's probably going to get somewhere around 14% of the black vote. Right. Um, that don't sound like much, but that could be the key to either camera winning or losing. I think he's going to get about 14%. If he gets over 15% of black votes, she's done. I'm hearing reports about Trump signs scattered all across Philly, especially South Philly. I can't, I don't, you know, look, man, I don't buy this about that many black people voting Trump. Don't get me wrong. I think that there are a lot of black people who vote for Trump, but getting close to 20%. If Trump gets anything like close, remotely close to 20% of black vote, she is toast, but we'll see. You know what I'm saying? But if Barack Obama did last week, that was the last straw with a lot of people. I know that like black men and some black women who see the play. They say, you know what? Every time you motherfuckers. So I know a lot of black people aren't going to vote who may have considered holding their nose and vote for kept voting for camera. A lot of them not going to vote or they're going to vote third party, or maybe some of them might even cross over vote for Trump. Like that shit really pissed a lot of people off, man, because you guys have already been taking us for granted anyway. For then Barack Obama to take his elitist ass. Right. Take a little break from yachting over and somewhere in the Eastern Pacific, hang with all these global elites. Then you take your ass to a community you haven't really even been part of since the 2000s. And then to put your fucking head down and lecture black men about how we need to vote for her just because she's black, which is identity politics to the fullest. Just vote for her because she's black. Cause you know, you need rules, you know, ungrateful black women been propping you up and do just do what we tell you. Oh man. I tell you, so if it, if it gets the point where we do see a huge shift in the demographic and don't get me wrong, people keep talking about black men, but black women, black women are, are, are, you know, they, they, they're the biggest demographic for the democratic party, but they don't vote in the same percentage either. Remember what wasn't like what 95% of black women voted for Barack Obama and like 94% voted for Hillary. But I think last time I think 91% of black women voted for Joe Biden. So that percentage, although it's still high, it's a rolling a little bit too. So it looked, if it turns out that it's less than 90% of black women voted for Kamala, then you know, it's real. It's a slow decline, but the thing about it is they are not going to do anything that's going to benefit black people. They know it's political. It's political poison. That's what they see us as. So they're just going to do token crap. You play the race card, where I beat people in the voting for her, got people like Joy Reese saying, you're going to look real weird if you don't vote democratic. They just, that's what they do. But everybody else actually gets something for their vote. They take them seriously. They don't take us seriously, you know? And right now what they did was they flooded the country with people who they think they can bribe into voting for their candidates. But we'll see what happens. Man, what come to gas then?