 15 states, plus the 2nd congressional districts in Nebraska and Maine, are potentially in play this November for either Vice President Kamala Harris or former President Donald Trump. The states already marked as solid blue or solid red are those deeply aligned with either side. They each backed Trump or Joe Biden in 2020 by at least 10 percentage points. And every single data driven forecast out there gives Trump or Harris a better than 90% chance of winning them. Now as for the remaining states, the two candidates do hold a clear edge in most of them as you'll soon come to see, but though they are all very likely to be decided by single digit margins, and so should either candidate come to win this race in landslide fashion, they could theoretically flip either direction. Let's take a look then at the latest polls in each of these competitive states, going region by region, starting with the Southwest duo of Nevada and Arizona. These are two absolutely critical battlegrounds here, headed on totally opposite trajectories. Nevada has trended nearly 5 points to the right since 2012, when Barack Obama carried it by 7 points over Mitt Romney. Then in 2020, Joe Biden's 2.5 point victory marked the first time that Nevada voted to the right of the nation since the start of the 21st century, as Biden won the national popular vote by 4.5 points. Now Arizona, on the other hand, has trended almost 9 points to the left since 2012, when Romney carried it by 10 points over Obama. And then flash forward to 2020, Joe Biden became just the second Democrat to win in Arizona since 1948, as his 0.3% victory margin over Trump was his second narrowest in the 2020 cycle, behind only Georgia, which we'll get to here in a bit. Now down the ballot, Republicans managed to flip the governor's office in Nevada in 2022, and they also received more votes for US House in those midterms than Democrats for the first time in decades. Whereas again in Arizona, Democrats have now won the last 5 straight major statewide races for president, senate, and governor. These trends of course suggest that the two states are on a collision course here in the political center. The latest poll in Nevada via Siena College with the New York Times is Trump leading Harris by 1 percentage points, with 48% of support to 47%. Among 677 likely voters sampled between August 8th and 15th. Then over in Arizona, the latest survey in Arizona comes via Noble Predictive Insights, and it has Trump leading Harris by 3 points in a head-to-head race, among a little more than a thousand registered voters surveyed between August 12th and 16th. So now with those margins in mind, Nevada will tilt towards Trump on our electoral college map, while Arizona goes in the lean column. For these rating classifications, in these videos, margins below 3 points are tilt, 3-7%, lean, 7-10%, likely, and then anything greater than 10 points is safe or solid. Let's head over to Texas now, the second largest state in the nation by way of population. It awards 40 electoral votes, only behind California's 54. Lone Star State is an emerging battleground as Joe Biden received 46.5% of votes in the 2020 election, the highest vote share for a Democrat since Texas last went blue in 1976. Now here in 2024, Democrats enter this cycle with far less momentum than 4 years ago. Is Trump and the Republican party at-largest rapid gains among minority voters? Specifically, Hispanics here in South Texas has offset Democratic gains in urban areas here like Dallas and San Antonio. Now the latest poll here in Texas from Public Policy Polling surveyed on August 21st and 22nd has Trump up 5 points among 725 registered voters, 49% to 44%. That 5-point gap would mark the third straight cycle in which Texas' margin narrows, though it does still go down as leaning towards Trump here. Over to the southeast we go, starting in Georgia. Like I said, the Peach State was the closest state in 2020 at Biden plus 0.2, 49.5% to 42.3%. Long a reliably conservative state, the Atlanta metropolitan region has rapidly diversified over the last decade, much like Phoenix back in Arizona, with an influx of left-leaning college grads and minority voters helping push Biden over the edge in an extraordinarily high turnout election in 2020. Now here in 2024 we saw Trump make gains against Biden in the crosstabs among voters of color before the president dropped out. He consistently led Biden by around 4-6 points in decision desk HQ and the Hill's top-line average. Yet now, with Harris headlining the Democratic ticket, we have seen those gains diminish quite a bit. The latest poll here in Georgia from a polling company called Focal Group does still have Trump leading by 4 points over Harris, 52% to 48% among 651 likely voters. Now if Harris is going to outperform Biden anywhere, it is going to be in a state like Georgia, with a high percentage of African American and young Democratic voters that simply were not energized by Biden's candidacy, to say the least. But this is another lean GOP poll here for Trump, lifting him up and ahead of Harris now in the race to 270, with 198 electoral votes to 196. Down in Florida, another electoral giant here with 30 electoral votes, it was one of just five states where Trump managed to improve on his 2016 margin, as he carried it by 3.4% in 2020. And since then, it's only shifted further to the right, as we saw incumbents, Governor Ron DeSantis and Senator Marco Rubio, both win re-election by double digits, 19% in Ron DeSantis's case, and then 16% for Marco Rubio in the Senate race, respectively. Now here in 2024, Florida Atlantic University just released a survey here, showing Trump up 3 points among more than a thousand likely voters. 50% to 47%, it's quite extraordinary to think that it wasn't too long ago that Florida was synonymous with the term swing state. It's now very likely to vote Republican for a third straight cycle. Heading up the coastline to North Carolina, a perennially competitive yet Republican-leaning state in recent years. Trump won it by just one percentage point in 2020, but had polled very strongly against Biden this cycle, with an average lead of 4.9% based on 45 polls before the president dropped out. Now with Harris, we have seen one of the strongest leftward shifts here in the nation, as SurveyUSA released a poll with High Point University that his Trump and Harris tied, pulling in 47% of support each among 938 likely voters, surveyed between August 19th and 22nd. This is not the only poll to come out recently, showing Harris in a tight race. In fact, per decision desk HQ's latest average, Trump and Harris are tied based on a total of 10 polls, and Harris had even led recently. I should make sure to note here though that both Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden led Trump in the final polling averages headed into the 2016 and 2020 elections, before ultimately losing the state to Trump on both occasions. That's just something to keep in mind amidst this shift, as we do place North Carolina down as a pure toss-up on our electoral map. Closing out to the Southeast region now, let's head up to the Commonwealth of Virginia. 13 electoral votes here. They went into the Biden camp in 2020 by 10 percentage points, as he did become the first Democrat to carry Virginia by a double-digit margin since 1944. Virginia has transitioned over the last two decades from a reliably Republican state to a swing state, and it is now strongly Democratic-leaning. Here in 2024 though, Trump had polled within striking distance, or even ahead of Biden in Virginia at times this cycle. But kind of like Georgia and North Carolina, Harris' appeal as a candidate is most strongly suited to Virginia's demographic profile. The latest poll in Virginia has Harris up 3 points, 47% to 44%, among 629 registered voters in this Qantas Polls and News sample. That does make Virginia our first state to lean towards Harris here, raising her electoral vote tally up to 209, though she still trails Trump's 228's as we head on up to the Midwest region. Before we get into those states though, please take a second to consider subscribing to my channel below. It's completely free and it does help me out tremendously. Subscribing to my channel analytics page, more than 80% of my viewers are not subscribed. We have gotten that down from 90%, so let's keep going and try to get that down to 50-50 by election day. Alrighty, let's start with the upper Rust Belt Quartet of Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. These four battlegrounds have voted for the same candidate as one another in almost every modern presidential election, voting blue in the six elections between 1992 and 2012, before Trump then managed to flip Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania, each by less than a point, against Hillary Clinton in 2016. Clinton did manage to hold Minnesota by a point and a half in that election, and then in 2020 Joe Biden returned the core Rust Belt Trio back into the Democratic corner. He won Pennsylvania by 1.2%, Michigan by 2.8%, and then Wisconsin by 0.6%, and then Minnesota by a full 7 points. In our map, let's start in Minnesota here, Tim Walts' home state. We have to go all the way back to late July for a head-to-head survey here, and it has Harris up 10 points, 50% to 40%, among 656 likely voters surveyed by SurveyUSA and a local news station in Minneapolis. This would be a 3-point overperformance for Harris compared to Biden's winning margin in 2020. And here on our map, it gets marked down as Safe Democrat adding 10 more electoral votes to the Harris tally. Then over in Wisconsin, out of the core swing states this cycle, Biden's numbers were surprisingly the strongest here before he dropped out. Now I say surprisingly because Wisconsin is right trending both fundamentally and demographically, devoted to the rights of Michigan and Pennsylvania in both 2016 and 2020, and is wider, more rural and has a lower proportion of college-educated residents, 3 demographic factors that do favor the GOP. The latest survey here though, again from Qantas Polls and News, between August 14th and 15th, is Harris leading by 2 points, 46.2% to 44.6%, among 601 registered voters. So Wisconsin does tilt blue here, and it does track with the overall average in Wisconsin that is Harris up exactly 3 points over Trump, based on a full 20-poll average. It is worth noting that abortion rights have been a focal point of Wisconsin state politics since the Supreme Court struck down Roe v. Wade. That's because, whereas the right to an abortion is effectively enshrined in state law in both Michigan and Pennsylvania, it is still in flux in Wisconsin. And since abortion is one of few winning issues for Democrats at the moment, that could be playing a role in these more favorable numbers here for them. Let's head over to Michigan now though, which is generally considered the bluest of the three core Rust Belt swing states, excluding Minnesota, as it does consistently vote to the left of Wisconsin and Pennsylvania at the presidential and down ballot level. The latest survey from TIPP Insights with American Greatness, a Trump-aligned pack, is Harris leading Trump by 2 points here, with 48.4% to 46%, so more like 2.4% to be exact, in this sample of 741 likely voters surveyed between August 20th and 22nd. Now you could make a strong case that Michigan is a must-win for Harris, just like North Carolina is a must-win for Trump. Should the Vice President lose in Michigan, it's likely that she'd also lose almost every other state on this map, and thereby fall well short of 270 electoral votes. It does tilt her way here though on our latest polling map, joining Wisconsin, which does lift Kamala Harris up to 244 electoral votes now as Trump continues to lag behind at 228. Let's see if she can expand her narrow edge now in Pennsylvania, which does award 19 electoral votes. With Florida now no longer considered a true swing state, Pennsylvania has become the largest electoral prize among 2024's battlegrounds, which also makes it the most likely tipping point state in this election. The latest poll released in Pennsylvania by Insider Advantage has Trump up over Harris by less than a full percentage point, 46.6% to 46% flat. 800 likely voters were sampled here between August 18th and 19th. The narrow margin does fit with what we've come to expect in Pennsylvania as it continues to flip-flop back and forth, with neither candidate building a lead outside the margin of error. We'll place it in the tilt Republican category here, which lifts Trump back ahead of Harris in the race to 270 with 247 to 244. Five states remain now, let's start with our Midwestern duo of Ohio and Iowa, a duo because they have followed nearly identical trends as one another in recent years. With Obama states in 2008 and 2012, Trump carried Iowa and Ohio each by margins of around 8 to 9 points in 2016 and in 2020. As such, they are now considered firmly Republican-leaning, and while we don't yet have a poll between Trump and Harris and Iowa, the latest survey in Ohio has Trump up 10 points over Harris 52% to 42% among 600 likely voters. That's enough for Ohio to be placed as a safe Republican state, and given that these two are almost certain to vote within just about a point or two of one another, I'm going to add Iowa to that category as well. And that does mean that Trump hits exactly 270 electoral votes now, which would be enough to make him just the second president to serve a non-consecutive term in the White House. We do still have two states to go though, up here in the Northeast. Maine and New Hampshire, plus the 2nd congressional district in Maine and Nebraska. Now the state of Maine and the state of New Hampshire, along with Minnesota over here, have followed similar trends over the last couple cycles. Hillary Clinton narrowly held them in the Democratic corner against Trump in 2016, each by less than 3 points. Before Joe Biden in 2020 pushed them hard to the left by more than 7 points each. The last time any of them voted for a Republican presidential candidate was New Hampshire back in the 2000 election, 6 cycles ago. Now the latest 2024 survey in Maine via the University of New Hampshire, ironically enough, is Harris leading Trump by a whopping 17 points, with 58% to 41%, among almost 1000 likely voters sampled between August 15th and 19th. Now Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has notably withdrawn from the Maine ballots, which does mean that we're unlikely to get to rank choice voting here this November. It goes down as safe blue here. And then to wrap up the states, up in New Hampshire, it does tend to be the most competitive state here in the Northeast, excluding Pennsylvania of course, though it has now voted blue in seven of the last eight cycles. Again, the University of New Hampshire has Harris up 5 points among almost 2000 likely voters, 52% to 47%. It's gonna lean blue with a Harris plus 5 lead there. That does lift the Vice President's electoral counts up to 250 as she continues to trail Trump's 270, with 16 electoral votes in North Carolina still marked down as toss-up. Let's finish off the video though by looking at the latest polls side by side in the second congressional districts of Nebraska and Maine. This top survey from Remington Research Group is in Nebraska. It is Harris plus 8, and it was surveyed between August 14th and 17th. That would mark a two-point improvement for Harris relative to Biden's winning margin here in 2020. As for the bottom poll, we see Trump expectedly leading Harris by two points, with 51% to 49%, among 701 likely voters surveyed here in late July. Now the former president did carry this ultra-rural northern second district in Maine in both 2016 and 2020, and it does go as tilt Republican here, while the urban Omaha-based second district in Nebraska is likely Democrat. So that does it for this video. Make sure to subscribe to my channel down below so you don't miss future editions of this presidential election analysis style of video. You can also feel free to let me know in the comments what you think of this map and these electoral race ratings. Shout out to my channel members on screen here. Thank you so much for your support. If you would like to become a member, go ahead and click the join button below this video to receive exclusive perks. Make sure to subscribe to my channel down below as well, and please leave a like on the video if you enjoyed it. You can check out more content from my channel here, and as always, thank you so much for watching. I'll see you next time. E.P. out.