 Hello, public opinion aficionados, and welcome to RAS Muscle Report, the independent pollster who is the arch nemesis of MSNBC. Now to be honest, we spend absolutely zero time thinking about that den of lies. I spend more time thinking about the difference between traditional and tomato and basil marinara sauce. But for some reason, I think things are heating up and they don't like our poll numbers being out there. We literally just ask Americans questions and report on the results. Although for an outfit like them who is tied in with major corporate advertisers and who knows who within the deep state and Intel agencies, freedom of speech can be a little bit of a dangerous thing. And so they've been talking about us and we decided to talk about them as well. And a lot of people didn't see our most recent video because I released it late last night. But after we get through the state of the race and our most recently released Trump versus Harris numbers that came out just an hour ago, we're going to take a look at the absolute insanity of MSNBC viewers and how they're affecting the presidential race. And hold on to the end, because I'm going to explain why I think the wheels are starting to fall off the Kamala Harris campaign. I think next week is the week it all falls apart and people start distancing themselves from her. But maybe something crazy happens. Who knows? We only have a month left to Election Day. But here are the latest overnight results. And we actually got a Harris plus three last night after two nights in a row of Trump plus three. The moving average still looks a little bit higher than one point. But who needs moving average when we have a set of cross tabs that we're about to show you that aggregate the last five nights of data. And here they are almost 1800 US likely voters. And again, for the fourth week in a row, Donald Trump is beating Kamala Harris by two points, 49 percent to 47 percent. And this is a stunning performance for Donald Trump who in no other election cycle ever even got close to 49 percent. And these what's crazy is how stable the internal demographics now are starting to look all the Hispanic voters. But we're going to get to that. Donald Trump has been winning men by just about upper single digits every single time, 51 to 44 here down slightly among women by four points, roughly tied with 18 to 39 year olds. In this sample, he's a little bit up. And this is kind of weird. He's roughly tied among middle age voters, but maybe there's some regional up and downs and whatever. But Trump is winning big among older voters here. I'm happy to see that come together because he's been down and it doesn't make sense to me. But Trump is winning the white vote by five points. Maybe we got a little bit more a few more suburban white women this time. Donald Trump's taking home 25 percent of the black vote. It's tempering itself a little bit. It was 28 or 29 last couple times. But he's winning Hispanic 62 percent to 36 percent. This is an outlier. The party numbers again, time and time again, there is zero crossover advantage. But what's going to happen is this is what people say when they answer the polls. When push comes to shove, when it's election day, it really is going to come down to individual state considerations, you know, whether whether they think their vote will count. And I think a feeling of potentially demoralization that might affect either party. Although, again, I have my reasons why I think it might be the Democrats this time. And Donald Trump is solidly beating Kamala Harris by seven points among independent voters. These are open to the public at RasmussenReports.com. You can go download them yourselves and look at the rest of the demographics. But let's just look. Again, I put this in a video, went out last night. Not a lot of people saw it. It was kind of long. But these are the combined crosstabs from the state polling we did just over a week ago. And what I did was front load the columns here that talk about what news people watch. And MSNBC viewers by far say that abortion is their number one issue when presented with this massive list. Nobody else says that. Twenty nine percent of CNN watchers say economy and it's forty four percent and thirty eight percent of Fox News and Newsmax people respectively. I really don't think a plurality of people say abortion at all in any other group. I mean, this is you know, Democrats, it's only twenty five percent and the economy is number one for them. That's pretty wild. How different MSNBC watchers are obviously self-identified liberals say abortion. So they're right there with MSNBC watchers. But I mean, really, not even atheists, atheists say economy more than abortion. Something really wild is going on there. But then we have this other issue set that only limits the choices to abortion rights, illegal immigration, rising prices and protecting our democracy and protecting our democracy is like a dog whistle. These people, 46 percent of MSNBC watchers say protecting our democracy and twenty eight percent say abortion rights for a pretty massive combined total of seventy four percent. Only 32 percent of CNN watchers say protecting our democracy. Protecting our democracy is a B.S. issue made up by I don't know the D.C. consulting class, the deep state, the propaganda press. It's a fake issue because Donald Trump is not taking our democracy. He's literally running for president. He was president in the past and he facilitated a peaceful transfer of power. And abortion is a state issue. They're literally being told that Harris has to win because Donald Trump is going to take away their democracy or abortion rights. Fox News viewers objectively think the issue of illegal immigration is a problem that Biden paused that needs to be fixed. Same thing with rising prices. There is not symmetry between these two different media sources and how they view America. But how does that impact the race? Here are the matchup numbers and this set of 10 polls. It's the six battlegrounds, including Virginia, North Carolina, Minnesota and New Mexico. So with those left or states in there, it should be a little bit left to center. Trump and Harris are exactly tied when all of those states are combined. Harris wins 90 percent to 9 percent among MSNBC viewers. Trump only wins 80 percent to 18 percent among Fox News viewers. Here's the thing. If MSNBC reported more like CNN, and this is not an endorsement of the fairness of CNN, although I will tell you I do not over and over again see CNN hosts banging away at Trump's dictator with spittle flying from their mouths the same way I do on MSNBC. And every once in a while, some honest reporting has been cracking through. It's almost like this echo chamber isn't tight enough to keep these people over here in the MSNBC column contained. But if you do the math and say, well, what if these MSNBC viewers voted like the CNN viewers, you know, 80 percent Harris instead of 90 percent Harris, 17 percent of the electorate in these states watched MSNBC. So 10 percent, that's almost two points that would go away from Harris. And this is almost a point here that would go for Trump. The election would be entirely different if MSNBC reported just like CNN, which is an incredibly low bar because CNN is very fake news, as we all know. And these are sponsored by American Thinker. It's a legendary conservative blog. Please go there, sign up for their mailing list, follow them on Twitter. We're really happy they were able to sponsor these polls because otherwise we were not going to be able to do any state polling in September. But just there's so many things you could look at and see the absolute insanity of these people. Forty three percent of MSNBC viewers think the Republican Party is the biggest enemy facing America, although I will say that 56 percent of Newsmax people think the Democrat Party is. But again, my point is there is asymmetry in how objective and how much journalistic integrity these two places have. I think it is safe to say that MSNBC is not reporting with the same level of integrity as Newsmax. And this, again, is an endorsement of Newsmax even. I think it's I think it's a very uncontroversial statement to say that only 26 percent of CNN viewers think the Republican Party is the biggest enemy facing America. Compare that again. Forty three percent for MSNBC viewers. And the other one I pointed out in the video, this is incredible, too. If given a choice between two candidates, one of whom favor granting amnesty to all legal aliens and one of whom all legal aliens and one of whom favor deporting all illegal aliens, MSNBC viewers, 68 percent would support a candidate who gives amnesty to every one of the 20 to 25 million illegal aliens in this country. Only 13 percent of them would say the deportation candidate. It's only 53 percent say amnesty for CNN. So again, quite a difference. But then in this question, when offered some options after being told that one million immigrants enter this country legally every year, MSNBC viewers, a pretty good portion of them, one third want a level of legal immigration lower than it currently is. And only 16 percent of them want more legal immigration, even though they want 20 plus million people to become citizens with the snap of a finger. So I'm sorry if some of that was a rehash for everybody. But here's what I want to talk about. The current national polling on real clear politics is Harris plus two point two. If you look at the graphic, it's been pretty stable. Now, I will say we did not see this strong of a run up in our daily numbers whatsoever. And I think that's because there's still a whole cadre of left leaning pollsters that progressively moved Harris up week after week. But in our numbers, like I said, this is now the fourth week in a row that the race has been locked in at Trump plus two. This is our last week's number, but the new one's going to be the exact same thing. And everything else looks blue. But you know, Emerson's Harris plus one Quinnipiac is tied. CNN's Harris plus one New York Times. She has tied. They've had Trump up. They might have Trump up again. I think you're going to see probably Atlas Intel drop another poll and Trafalgar and they're all going to show broadly the same kind of thing as me. And the numbers that show Harris left or New York Post's using somebody that I'm not sure I think is kind of questionable. Morning Consult is ridiculous and all over the place. And Susquehanna hasn't been polling much. This is kind of out left field that everybody else is attached to a major news media organization or is using their own proprietary panel like Reuters and Ipsos. And these panels have had problems this time out, in my opinion. But don't take my opinion for it. Let's look at this. So people would look up here and say, well, you know, eight years ago, Hillary Clinton was up three points. She finished about two points up. So the polling was one point left. There go if the polling is one point left now, Harris is still up in the national popular vote. And if Biden and Biden won by four, but he was up eight four years ago, ergo, the polling was left by about four points. I don't think it paints a whole picture. So again, this is pretty stably two points, even though it's sort of swinging all over the place. But if you go back and look at the 2016 graph, see a different shape. The race did narrow here in the middle of September and again at the end of October. But if you sort of like try and draw a line through this, you're getting like a 47 percent number for Hillary Clinton, maybe a little bit higher. And you're getting like a 42 and a half. So that's a four and a half point on average lead for Hillary Clinton when she won by two. Kamala Harris, again, Kamala Harris is up to now when Hillary Clinton was really up four point five. Now begs the question, how much did polling error shift in eight years? But Hillary Clinton won the national popular vote by two points and lost. Kamala Harris is doing two points at least worse than Hillary Clinton was eight years ago. And really, if you start and look at some of these numbers, if like CBS Reuters, if so, it's like I really do think that they're doing the same thing they've done four years ago and eight years ago and missing to the left. But it all comes down to Pennsylvania because Pennsylvania is essentially, you know, stuff might happen in North Carolina now, especially because of the hurricane. But our polling showed that Trump was up three in North Carolina. I think he's going to do better than that. So that is a safe Trump win. And if she doesn't get North Carolina for her, it basically comes down to Pennsylvania. The real clear politics aggregate for Pennsylvania is exactly tied right now, even with Bloomberg Morning Consult throwing in a Harris plus five that's way out in left field. And I think my polling that we put out the Trump tied in Pennsylvania is to left because of the sample and the internal demographics. I think Trump is winning Pennsylvania right now. But the point is, is if there is any leftward bias at all in the polling industry in Pennsylvania, Trump wins Pennsylvania. Now the graph looks neck and neck. It really has been tied for a long time. But four years ago, Biden won by one point two. But in the polling at this point in the polling, he was up by like a ridiculous five points in the industry. And back in actually in October, it was like eight points here, seven or eight points. That's ridiculous. So Trump is doing five to seven points better than he was doing in Pennsylvania polling four years ago. And if you look at the Clinton numbers, it's the same kind of story. Trump won this state by almost a point. And in this period, Hillary Clinton was up like 10 points, eight points, a ridiculous amount in the polling in Pennsylvania. Time and time again, the state polling misses incredibly to the left. And yet maybe this time they finally fixed it. I don't believe it. I think you're going to see a massive Trump outperformance here. And if that narrative was going to bust on through, I think this is where you would see it. This is a polly market, a betting market. People trade with their own money. People have accused the polly market of not being very accurate this time. I think that some of these markets are definitely being manipulated by ideological people who do not mind spending money. They can't force the market to, they can't keep the market from eventually being right. It's only a matter of time. And Pennsylvania has been relatively deadlocked for weeks now at roughly tie. Trump 49, Trump 50. All of a sudden after the debate, though, there's been a ton of Trump buying pressure and Trump is now up to 52% in Pennsylvania and the Democrats. And that puts him up four points. This is really the first time in a while he's been meaningfully leaning in Pennsylvania. And why is that important? Again, this is a must win state for Harris. But what you haven't seen yet is the national numbers break yet. Although we are now tied. Trump has been down a point or two. At some point, at some point, this market is going to break. There's only so much polling can do. Polling can't tell you everything. Quite frankly, when people are putting out plus and minus three margin of error polls, there is going to be some polling error. So it is right to look for other forms of external validation about where the race is going. And that, in my opinion, is probably going to come from polly markets. If polly market shows Kamala Harris is losing. If the polling on real clear politics shows Kamala Harris is losing. If the leaked internal polling from the Harris campaign shows that she's losing meaningfully in states like Michigan. Between now and election day, the narrative is going to be that she's loser on top of the strikes on top of now, the federal emergency management efforts in North Carolina. These are not good things for her. At this point, this is the worst position a Democrat has been in in the last eight years. So I wish I could tell you that this presidential race is going to be exciting. But with Trump hitting plus two every single week in a row for a month, it doesn't look like the next month is going to be exciting. Although I guess waiting for something crazy to happen is a form of excitement in and of itself. What do you think we're going to see? We're probably at peak possibility for surprises right now. If you got any theories, post them in the YouTube comments. Subscribe while you're at it and like the video. We'd really appreciate it. Or you can go to Rumble if that's your thing too. Follow us on Twitter at raspmas and underscore poll. And thanks for watching.