 What's up, it's Clyde back with another video I seen inside I was going down make sure I have the life of the scribe for me, please y'all see it This word is said this is Brandon on here on a exit. Does the Secret Service exist at all? Guess they saying another violent Democrat tries to attack Trump, you know, it is rallying in Pennsylvania, which is the secret service Now where is the Secret Service There is a secret service I seen someone exit said why do Trump supporters cheer on? Some of their they said some about them cheering on the The people they do it is they're not cheering on the people that's doing this. They're cheering on because he's Taking it to custody. He's not a threat no more. I don't You know people make everything about Trump supporters seem horrible and bad. It's crazy Here's another angle This is a while That's crazy Look is Hey, at least the sheriff's department got it cuz I don't know where to uh, Okay, I'll see your service here a little late though That's wild y'all that's why I Like I said, this is my first time seeing this I didn't even know you know this Happened but this is definitely it's definitely crazy. Here's a picture of the guy. It's definitely crazy You know to have people that wants to you know attack Trump and I'm gonna say this attack anybody No, you you literally I don't know what as far as like how far they going like, what are you charged with? I'm pretty sure something bad. I never looked out into it, but You literally messing your whole life over because You mad for what you know? well That's that Rally was straight amazing though. I'll tell y'all that look at all these people here. All right All the way up the hill there check that out All these people y'all look at that But then you have people at a Kamala's all Talk about Kamala's rallies Trump don't have nobody yet, man. You a lot Look at all these people. There's really no words. I mean this is Every how about I be quiet and just listen you and this is this was earlier. This is just waiting in line though Look at all these people That's wild Mattel y'all this is this is definitely wild and they keep late. They is more And it's people that saying that they don't think that Trump is gonna win You literally have a whole bunch of people coming to these rallies supporting Trump. You don't have you know people that You don't need you don't need the buses you don't need to pay people to come to see Trump you don't need that You know, I mean you don't need none of that You literally have people that really comes to support Trump and listen what he has to say That's what you have you literally have that All these people That's lit red hats I Love it That's you need you need you need that kind of support this just goes to show you like real support though This is real support. Y'all see I did a video yesterday about how they needed a Kamala needed a homeless people Homeless people to support her. It's crazy to me that you actually need to pay homeless people to come and see You at your rally and then not even going I mean they're getting free stuff You get a free concert man. So if you if you it was homeless You ain't really got that much and there's no disrespect. This is real talk You don't really got you know some food to eat cuz it's been plenty of times I've seen you know They give out free pizza free this free that You need clothes, you know, they're giving out free shirts. They're giving out these signs you you can go with a concert It's just getting out, you know to Seeing seeing things. I mean that's they doing by all means, you know, I was on this I probably you know, but that's just me and I'm getting paid to do it You know, I mean, it's just a simple fact that it's sad and it's sickening that you have to do that in Order to show that. Oh, I have people at my rally too, and if you don't have real people This is real nice Supporters that's willing to listen That's that's willing to vote for somebody that's the best thing for our country best person for our country then you got another endorsement by a Rapper I Don't even know how to say it. I don't want to mess. Nobody name up I get enough of it when y'all say stuff about you know, Kamala and I mess up her name, but Gotta Puerto Rican rapper, you know, I've never heard of him but they said that I guess that he was trending because one of the His wig flew off his head That's wild that's wild he felt it though he felt it it'd have been bad if he didn't notice a real blessing to be here I'm from Puerto Rico We've we yeah, we a big part of United States we really depend on the United States Since Trump hasn't been around Puerto Rico's. Yeah, it's not a secret we've been going through a lot as a country and Yeah, Biden always promised promise a lot of politicians always promised through the years, but All of us know the world knows Everybody's experienced it the best president the world's I've seen this country that has ever seen his name is President Trump Now you can tell that he nervous that's what I like seeing though It's it's so many people that it's all crazy. That's like, you know this person they don't know how to speak or this person is, you know He's quiet. He's stumbling over his words. This is a person that's literally real like he's he's nervous being up there He's speaking from you know the heart and I love it. So all my Puerto Ricans. Let's stay United Let's vote for Trump. I Personally spoke with him. He wants to help Puerto Rico grow and succeed as a country So let's stand out tall and united and we all won't remember that he all he wants to keep helping Latinos in the US Let's do things the right way and let's keep growing. Let's keep growing as a family and let's make America great again There's little I love that you having somebody up there that you know Don't really in a way you could tell to be nervous, you know, even though it's a lot of trust me It's a lot of rappers a lot of people it took me a while to get to where I am right now You know sometimes when I see different videos and I'm looking at different videos y'all can't tell but sometimes I'd be nervous Tell me y'all you never know though, especially like in that position broad know I'd be shaking But I probably couldn't even get out five words up there standing with Trump But that's amazing though. I definitely love it. Y'all see it definitely prayers to Trump always, you know prayers to Trump What are you going through? It's an I'm pretty sure didn't he if I'm not mistaken What did Trump what did they? Trump Cuz I'm pretty sure Didn't somebody try to So why didn't you get shot in Pennsylvania if I'm not mistaken Yeah, I Feel like that speaks a lot though, bro. Like me personally like of what I like been through it like in life Like we we've been through it. Well, I haven't told y'all like the full story like but I've been in some way of you know counter that position and Feel like going back You know to that state I Feel like that, you know, even if that's not if he's not around the area I don't know how far it is, you know I never been a pencil in you but it just goes to show you how how strong that man is because if that was me I probably wouldn't win Not probably won't even know it, you know and I Security probably got better. You know, it's not outside stuff like that But still at the same time like, you know, that's it. That's a strong man right there Make sure to let me describe and definitely appreciate y'all stay tuned with today's video. Definitely banger Catch y'all next one