 And Please welcome Administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, Michael Regan. Good afternoon everyone. It is such an honor to be here with you all today and I am so grateful to be here with Vice President Kamala Harris. I do want to say because I know she's listening backstage, thank you Madam Vice President for your leadership both domestic and abroad and for your persistent and enduring advocacy for underserved communities all across the country. Congressman Deluzio and Congresswoman Lee, thank you all for joining us. I am so grateful for your partnership, your commitment to ensuring the health and safety of every Pennsylvanian. Lieutenant Governor Davis, thank you for welcoming us to this great state of Pennsylvania. We greatly appreciate your leadership. And Mayor Ganey, it is so good to see you again and thank you for having us with you. And thank you for all that you do for the people of Pittsburgh. Folks over the past three years, I've had the privilege of traveling all across this great nation. From the biggest of cities to the smallest of rural communities, I've met with people from all walks of life and all backgrounds. And that's one thing that we all agree upon, that clean water is essential. Clean water is essential for our health, clean water is essential for our well-being, clean water is essential for our economy. And clean water powers American jobs, powers American industry, and again, powers our entire economy. It sustains life, it sustains our environment, and it preserves vital and diverse ecosystems all across this great nation. But even today, as many of you know, too many parents know the pain of having a child sickened by contaminated water. Too many communities have been left behind and are suffering from decentralized and inadequate wastewater systems. And that's why President Biden and Vice President Harris have made investing in our nation's water infrastructure a cornerstone of this administration's agenda. Investing in our water is investing in America. Thanks to the bold, visionary leadership of President Biden and Vice President Harris and our colleagues in Congress, who are doing a great job for you, by the way. The bipartisan infrastructure law delivered the single largest investment in water infrastructure in United States history. More than $50 billion, and that's billion would it be, to replace lead pipes, protect treasured waters, and build drinking water and wastewater systems that are resilient in the face of climate change. These investments present a historic opportunity to change the game for so many communities struggling to access clean water across the country. And I'm proud to say that EPA is central to and leading these efforts. And we're moving quickly to get this transformational funding out of the door. And today, EPA is investing $5.8 billion in drinking water and clean water infrastructure upgrades all across the country, thanks to the Biden-Harris administration's investment in America. Now almost a year ago, Pittsburgh celebrated the removal of the 10,000th lead service line. And with a recent award of over $32 million in state revolving funds, the city is set to remove more than 2,600 lead service lines in and around Pittsburgh communities this year. Today's funding announcement is only going to help accelerate this great progress and ensure that even more communities across Pennsylvania have access to clean, safe, and affordable water. We know that investing in our water infrastructure is one of the best decisions we can make for our country, for public health, and for environmental protection, for job creation, and for the strength and vitality of our economy. So folks, together, we will propel great cities like Pittsburgh into the future with safer, healthier, and more resilient water infrastructure. And President Biden and Vice President Harris are investing in America and making this reality, this vision, a reality. So thank you all for being here today. Please welcome City Clerk for the City Council of Pittsburgh, Kimberly Clark Baskin. Good afternoon, everyone. My name is Kimberly Clark Baskin, and I am the City Clerk for the City Council of the City of Pittsburgh, and I am also a proud resident of the Homelit community. As you all know, Vice President Kamala Harris has been a huge advocate for the communities across the country to have clean and lead-free drinking water, getting lead pipes removed and replaced, and the remediation of lead paint that still exists in so many homes and nationwide. My family was personally affected by lead in a home, so I know what damage lead in paint and in water can cause. Many years ago, my father had started having breathing problems with no concrete answer as to why. My son and I were having frequent and unexplained headaches, and my daughter had very high lead levels in her blood work. Everyone's health issues were concerning, so my father took the next step to contact a program through Allegheny County to get a lead remediation done in our home. The results were astounding, and we began to get answers to some unanswered health issues. Allegheny County began to work on our home and worked quickly to get all of the lead removed. Months after the work was done, my daughter's blood work improved, the frequency of our headaches began to decrease, and my dad's breathing had improved. Never did I think that lead could cause so many health issues for my family. I shared this with our Vice President during her 2022 visit, and it was so great hearing a passion and concern in her voice, speaking on how diligently she and the administration is working to make sure that all households achieve the goal of having access to clean drinking water and lead-free paint. When I learned that the Vice President's return to Pittsburgh as a follow-up to her first visit, it made me feel good to know that she genuinely cares and came back to hear the progress that has been made and to check on our communities and the city of Pittsburgh. I admire our esteemed Vice President. She is me, and I am her. She is a woman of color. She silently inspires so many black and brown children, young adults, and adults to keep pushing and pursuing their goals by showing her strength and consistency to break all glass ceilings placed above her. She validates the saying, anything is possible if you put your mind to it, you work hard, and you never give up. She stands tall in the eye of adversity, and she is the voice for so many. She genuinely cares about the people of the United States and continually fights for equality across the board. It is my humble pleasure to introduce our amazing Vice President of the United States, Kamala Harris. Can we hear it from Madam City Clerk? Good afternoon, Pittsburgh. It's so good to be back with you. Please have a seat. Thank you. It is so good to be back in the city of Bridges. I appreciate all of you and all the leaders who are here. Again, I want to thank Madam City Clerk Kimberly for that introduction and for the ongoing conversation that we've been having. And her story is sadly the story of so many people, and it is the story that the President and I have been hearing in many places around our country. And I know it is long overdue, and it is time that we actually implement solutions, and I'm here to say we are. And I thank all of the leaders here for being a part of that. And I want to thank all of the leaders who are here, including Administrator Michael Regan. He's doing an extraordinary job on behalf of our administration. He's a bold leader of the EPA. Representative Summer Lee, Representative Chris Deluzio, I want to thank you. And then, of course, your two senators wanted to be here today. And in their absence, I will say that Senator John Fetterman – I was just speaking with his wife who is here – is a leader of profound strength and courage, and we are so grateful for his service. And in the United States Senate, many of you know when I was a senator, for the time I was there, I had the great joy and pleasure of working with Senator Bob Casey. And I'll tell you what you know. I mean, I've seen him when the cameras are on and when they're off. And he is always a fighter, fighting for the people of Pennsylvania and for the children of this state. In fact, he played a critical role in securing the funds to remove every lead pipe in Pennsylvania. So if we can applaud their leadership, please. Yes. So to all the other leaders who are also here – the parents, the grandparents, the advocates, the teachers, the community leaders – I thank you for the work you have done over so many years to make sure that this community, and by extension as a role model – many communities around our country – that they have access to, as Michael Regan said, one of the most basic and essential resources, which is clean water. Clean water. Can you believe that in the United States of America, that is still not necessarily guaranteed to all people to access clean water? And so I'm here today to announce some of the work that we have all been doing together over many years that is –