 Welcome back. As we mentioned earlier, former President Trump is heading to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania tonight for his first rally in that state since his assassination attempt this month in Butler. Both the Trump and Harris campaigns are looking to court voters in the state's so-called Latino belt. Pennsylvania put President Joe Biden over the top in 2020 and is expected to play a big role in this year's election. NBC News correspondent George Solis joins us now from Reading, Pennsylvania with more on this. George, good morning. Joe, good morning. Pennsylvania is home to more than a million Latinos and as far as those that are registered to vote, that number is in the six figures. Both campaigns know it is an important voting bloc here in Reading. The Trump campaign opening a campaign office that's right behind me, the Harris campaign has about 24 campaign offices throughout the Commonwealth. In this heated battle for the state and the presidency, both campaigns know voters here could make the difference. In majority Latino, Reading, Pennsylvania, brothers and barbers Samuel and David de la Cruz say the talk of the town is politics. It's been exciting. It's been such an unexpected change. Well, do you care more about the election now? I do. I do. We first met the duo, both of Dominican descent, before former President Trump survived an assassination attempt and pig JD Vance as his running mate. And Harris rose to the top of the ticket. Both voters remain firmly undecided, but newly energized. She has direction and I think it evens a playing field for the two candidates. Is she going to advance the country? Is it possible that she takes it maybe in reverse? We don't know 18 year old Jamel Garcia, a student at the Brothers Barber shop, says he'll vote for the first time. And how are you feeling about possibly voting for either one of these candidates? In my opinion, kind of nervous. According to an Eos U.S. one out of every five Hispanics will vote in their first presidential election this year. Reading sits in Pennsylvania's so-called Latino belt. Cities and small towns, once democratic strongholds nestled in northeastern Pennsylvania. In this region, Latino communities make up 9 percent of the state's overall population. Does it feel like both campaigns are trying to earn your vote? Definitely. Biden won Pennsylvania by around 80,000 votes in 2020. That year, more than 610,000 Latinos were eligible to vote in the state. And while Mr. Biden won Reading by about 46 points in 2020, the city shifted 15 points to the right since 2016. Limited recent polling shows Harris performing better than Biden versus Trump among Latino voters. In 2020, who did you vote for and why? Biden. Paralegal, Milvus Teresa explained last month when we visited, she's switching to Trump in 2024, frustrated by the rising cost of living and running a business in Reading. Biden's endorsement of Harris only pushing her further away. She now volunteers at the recently opened Trump campaign office. It's just I don't trust her. Why? Because her background, I don't trust her. Decisions is being letting you. Tanya Melendez thinks putting Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro on the Democratic ticket this year would make a difference. Does she need Josh Shapiro to secure the White House? I think she does. People who are not very invested in the election will tend to follow somebody that they trust. Melendez moved from Puerto Rico with her family when she was 14. She'll vote Harris in November. The VPs visit here leaving a lasting impact. The fact that she came down in the middle of the city to talk to people at the community college for me was the most positive thing. Reading restaurant owner Cesar Lopez also recalls Harris's trip but hasn't been swayed yet. I think everybody is waiting for the next debate. Let's see what happened. With less than 100 days to the election, Reading's residents are paying attention and feel the weight of the decision ahead. Think about what you want for your country, what you want for the kids. I want them to be able to say wow things are different now than they were for for mom and dad and I'm so happy that we're in this country. Yeah Joe and needless to say coming back here after everything that happened post the debate you can see how energized voters are. We reached out to both campaigns and they both gave us different statements about their approach to the Latino vote. For the Trump campaign spokesperson Jamie Flor is telling us the percentage of Hispanics that will vote in November can take the one state to one side or the other. They have acknowledged that there are some potential plans to see if the Trump ticket will come to Reading but no specific timeline on when that might happen. Maka Qusado with the Harris campaign telling us the enthusiasm that we're seeing for Vice President Harris in every corner of the country is unprecedented and Latinos are showing up in high numbers to support a campaign. Latinos are looking for a leader who will fight for them and the issues that their families care about. Again you can really see that both campaigns really making a push for the Latino vote across Pennsylvania. All right George thank you so much. Thanks for watching stay updated about breaking news and top stories on the NBC News app or follow us on social media.