 Well, the focus today is on the state of Pennsylvania. We're going to talk a lot about it here for the next hour of the program. In fact, we're going to go straight to the big board to start the hour off, talk about why, why the battleground state might very well be the key and decide the election winner. As we talked about on Friday, when we were doing scenarios, it all comes down to electoral math. So for example, Pennsylvania is one of six states in yellow here that we think are true toss-ups. What if we made it red, if we shaded it that way? Well, that gives a huge advantage to Republicans. 254, top right at the screen, 226 for the Dems. So if Donald Trump were to win Pennsylvania, he really wouldn't need much more, just 16 electoral votes. So Georgia has 16. That would put him over the top with Arizona, Nevada, Wisconsin and Michigan still on the table. Again, shaded red. What else could Trump do? He could go out west and win Arizona. Remember how close that was last time. Then if he wins Nevada, 271, 270 needed to win. He's over the top. At the same time, if Pennsylvania stays blue, that's why it's so important to Kamala Harris. Then she has the slight advantage. See, we're at 245 for the Dems, 235 for the Republicans. So now it's Harris in the driver's seat. So let's look at some of the possibilities for her. This is what we talked about a lot on Friday, right? Where you have the blue wall strategy and you have the sunbelt strategy. So again, easiest way to do it for Harris is to go to Michigan and Wisconsin and win them both. And if you do that, that's the blue wall. You reconstruct it, so to speak. It's exactly 220. But again, if Pennsylvania stays blue for Harris with 19 electoral votes, she has other options. She could go to Georgia. Remember Biden won it last time. If Harris does again, she's not there yet. But if she adds in, say, Arizona along with Georgia, that's a possibility. So Pennsylvania could hold the keys. Back to 2020 for a moment so we can dig into the state of Pennsylvania and look at it a little bit. See on the map, it was so close, 50 to 49 essentially. The old saying, I think James Carville gets credit for it, but if you look at the red and the blue on the map, Pennsylvania is basically Philadelphia in the east, Pittsburgh in the west, and Alabama in the middle, because it's so red. So when you look, we'll start west in the Pittsburgh area, that's Allegheny County. That's the only blue out there. But Trump can run up the score in places like, well, Butler County, that's where the assassination attempt took place, but that's Trump Country. All the counties around there are Trump Country. When you come back east, it's not just the city of Philadelphia where Biden did well and Harris undoubtedly will as well. It's the counties around it, Suburban Chester County, which you've looked at a lot. Montgomery County, that's where Governor Shapiro is from and Bucks County, that's where we're gonna take you in just a moment. Bucks County, one in 20 registered voters in the state are in Bucks County. It's been trending more and more blue. Hillary Clinton won it by just 2,700 votes in 2016. See Biden there, he won by 17,000. Governor Shapiro two years after that, he won by 62,000 in Bucks County, PA. Every election, I spent a lot of time covering elections in Bucks County the last few cycles. So when we talk about it, Governor Shapiro out campaigning for the vice president today, there's Shapiro as we know, he's on the short list to become her running mate. One of those she's considering. He's gonna speak shortly here to Harris for president, Raleigh and Gretchen Whitmer, the governor of Michigan will be there with him. But let's take you to the aforementioned Bucks County and welcome back to News Nation correspondent, Caitlin Becker, who's been going around talking to voters there. Like I said, they're probably more used to than just about any place in the country having reporters come in and ask them questions before an election because we always do it. What are you hearing? And Connell, everyone here is really nice. It's quite a pleasant county and a lot of people we've spoken to are very, very complimentary and favorable toward Governor Josh Shapiro. You said that this is county who's been trending blue over the years. However, there has been a recent shift in the last few weeks. For the first time since 2007, there are more registered Republicans in Bucks County than Democrats. It is a small margin at the moment, 478,000 total, but the difference there is about 277. That said, when we're talking to voters on both sides of the aisle, you're hearing them say relatively positive things about Shapiro. Take a look. I wish there were more diverse candidates. I wish that we would break the mold of what we've had. He's my man and he's always been my man. And if he's running, I will, he's got my vote. No matter how much I might like some of the things he does, I would not vote for him.