 Essentially, if Biden loses Pennsylvania, the only way he could realistically even have a shot at the White House is he'd need to flip North Carolina. And I know the Biden campaign makes it seem like North Carolina is in play. I'm a little skeptical. Yeah, the polls haven't looked too good there for them. And not just that. It hasn't gone blue since Obama in 2008. Welcome to Reporter's Notebook, where we talk to the Washington Examiner's top journalists about the stories breaking on their beats. I'm Jim Antle, and I'm joined today by national political correspondent Mabintie Korshe. Mabintie, you've written a couple of pieces looking at one of the key battleground states that's going to decide this year's presidential election, and that's Pennsylvania. One of the stories that you wrote had to do with an interesting quirk in Pennsylvania's impact on the Electoral College. Talk a little bit about that. Yeah, so basically after the 2020 census, Pennsylvania loses an electoral college vote. And so normally that's not a big deal, but because this election was always going to be close, it actually has outsized impact. And basically how it works is that if Biden doesn't win Pennsylvania, the chances of him and Trump going to a 269-269 electoral college tie is exponentially higher. Essentially all Biden needs to do is keep the blue wall, which is Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, and then if Trump can flip Georgia, Arizona, and Nevada, I mean, we can move into the unprecedented electoral tie. And that's where things get very complicated, and I guarantee you no one will be happy if that happens. Right. I mean, we came, you know, in terms of raw votes close to that last time, but it would have taken three states to flip, and this is just one. Yeah, essentially if Biden loses Pennsylvania, the only way he could realistically even have a shot at the White House is he'd need to flip North Carolina. And I know the Biden campaign makes it seem like North Carolina is in play. I'm a little skeptical. Yeah, the polls haven't looked too good there for them. And not just that, it hasn't gone blue since Obama in 2008. I mean, I don't know. Right, and it was the only battleground state that Mitt Romney won in 2012. So that's not, though, where the whole story of Pennsylvania ends. Obviously, both candidates are trying to win the state to avoid this kind of outcome. But former President Trump has his own issues in Pennsylvania, the suburbs. Talk a little bit about what's going on there. Yeah, so I mean, after 2016, Trump really starts to lose the suburban vote, especially the suburban women vote. And then during Tuesday's primary, Nikki Haley, who has not been in the race for a good seven weeks. She's still pulling about like 17 percent of the vote. And she really gets that support from the Philadelphia caller counties. That's Buck County, Montgomery County, Chester County, Delaware County. And these are the counties that are in southeastern Pennsylvania, right outside of Philadelphia. And these are the counties that Biden won in 2020 that helped him flip the state back from Trump. So this is a real weakness from Trump. He needs to win back those supporters because, you know, Nikki Haley, she ends up winning one hundred and fifty seven thousand votes. That's more than the forty four thousand votes that Trump won in 2016. It's more than the eighty thousand votes that Biden won in 2020. I mean, those voters in a way they could decide the twenty twenty four election. And so that's why team Biden is trying to make a pitch to those voters. Nikki Haley hasn't endorsed yet. I don't think she's very likely to endorse Biden, but it's possible she never endorsed his Trump. And so some of these voters are out there. What is the Biden campaign doing to try to appeal to them? So I find it very interesting that the Biden campaign, they're launching this six figure ad by, you know, where they highlight Trump essentially slamming Haley over and over again. You know, the Biden campaign has been very clear that they want these Haley supporters. What I find interesting, though, is that at the same time that one hundred fifty seven thousand voters are still voting for Haley. We have sixty thousand Democratic voters who are voting uncommitted in the primary. And so I literally asked the source while I was talking to them, what sense does it make to reach out to Haley supporters when you have sixty thousand members of your party not voting for you? And these supporters, they've been calling for a permanent ceasefire between Israel and Hamas. And it just seems that the appearance looks like he's abandoning his voters to go after these Republican voters. And to your point, Haley has not made it seem that she wants her supporters to vote for Biden, although she also hasn't endorsed Trump. And as of right now, her and Trump have not spoken. So it's very complicated and I'm not sure what sense it makes. Right. There's also just the question of are the people who are turning out to vote for Haley after she's already left the primary aren't these people who are probably not going to vote for Trump in the general election anyway, whereas maybe some of these uncommitted voters are still gettable. Yeah. And again, these are huge numbers that really could decide Pennsylvania and the election. And I had one source tell me that Trump doesn't need these voters. Like he could just really drive out the support in these red counties in Pennsylvania. But then again, in a race where every single vote counts, it might behoove him to try and win them back. Sure. Maybe next time we'll have a race between Nikki Haley and uncommitted. I mean, I'm sure you and I will be talking about this during the next primaries that come. Definitely. The next Biden versus Trump rematch. Yeah. Thank you, Mabinti. You can read Mabinti and the rest of our political teams coverage at WashingtonExaminer.com.