 So I am offering a Green New Deal that has been described as one of the most aggressive and progressive, which says that by 2045 we will have a clean economy, we will invest in renewable energy, a clean economy. That sounds so lovely. It's going to be clean. We're just going to scrub it. Signing me now, my friend Mark Moreno, executive editor, climatedepot.com. Mark I'm excited for this to have an economy that's clean. It sounds so nice. We're just going to clean it. You know what? The really word, the word she wants to use there is a centrally planned command and control economy dictated by every, dictating every aspect of your life. When they talk about a clean economy, what she's referring to is solar, wind and EVs. And in order to make, and of course limits on eating red meat and of course regulations on every aspect of your life, your freedom of movement, your appliances, pizza ovens, gas stoves and the whole like. This is a specter that I think, you know, Mao's China, Stalin would have envied to have the ability to impose this clean economy through the massive organs of the state in which they're able to do it. And it's mostly at this point because they couldn't get officially, they never even introduced, I mean, they introduced the green new deal, but it was never actually voted on. They're actually just doing this right now through massive cash infusion, Pennsylvania, of course, being the biggest state. Her entire plan is to go full net zero beyond what Joe Biden has done for vice presidential candidate, Walls has done some 40 climate bills in Minnesota. He's the only second most radical climate governor next to Gavin Newsom in America. But he comes off as the Chuck's guy next door, you know, football coach. So he's very effective in that you don't these are he's a radical that you don't actually you can't actually tell at first glance. Yeah, that's, of course, their plan. And people should know that this this climate insanity from Dome is it's not a one off. She's talked about fracking in ways like this. Climate change is the single greatest threat facing our world today. That's why I am committed to passing a green new deal, creating clean jobs and finally putting an end to fracking once and for all. Mm hmm. Momma, Kamala, just don't give a frack. Mark, Momma Kamala wants to ban fracking. What would that mean? Well, you know, fracking is the entire reason the United States led the world in reducing our CO2 emissions after 2010 to about 2020. No country even came close. And this was under Donald Trump, too, by the way. If you actually cared about climate change or thought CO2 was driving a catastrophe, you would be pro fracking. But here's what's happened. She never said a word about it in 2024. Her campaign just issued a statement. She no longer supports that. And now you have the New York Times, the Washington Post coming out recently and saying Kamala is not talking about climate at all anymore. Neither is Walls, who's made it his signature issue as governor. They've gone silent. Why have they gone silent? Because they know the public is complete fatigue from hearing, first of all, climate emergencies, climate crisis, and all the nonsense. And instead, they've turned the whole issue into cash grabs. And to give you an example, the inflation reduction act was only passed with about, I think, $270 billion. The latest estimates are they're spending $1.2 trillion on the way to multiple trillions. We're at a point in America where Congress can authorize a bill, and it means nothing. They'll get the budget and go 10, 20, 30 times that, and the government just spends beyond that. And all of this money, of course, is being aimed at Pennsylvania. And we have Kamala Harris telling farmers in 2019 that if they're, you know, they heard new climate policies affecting, remember, they're coming after high yield agriculture. They're coming after meat eating. If you lose your job farming, don't worry. We're going to retrain you. You're just one of the victims. You know, you're you can survive because you're versatile and you're you can adapt. It's a frightening situation because they are imposing top down controls, collapse of energy, food, transportation, rationing of all of that to create a chaotic situation. Remember, Vladimir Lenin, 1917, against Tsarist Russia, the slogan was the worst, the better. The more inflationary debt cycle, economic calamity with food shortages, rationing, limits on your transportation, vehicle limits, the more you're going to have calamity, the easier it is to impose this kind of centrally planned totalitarian vision. Make no mistake. That is what this is. That's what's happening in Europe. Of course, they're fighting back. The farmers form their own political party. They spray the manure all over the EU. And of course, the elections went against the Greens in June of this year, 2024. So we'll see what happens here. But she is doing a great job, her and her vice president, of being very stealth about their true agenda. And it's even gotten the notice of the mainstream media now. Mark, you say this is about just, you know, handing money to their political allies, but these people want to ban gas powered vehicles. That surely doesn't have anything to do with handing out money to people, right? No, it doesn't. But the inflation what they're doing is they're they're bringing in. Let's call them temporary jobs if unless the government commits long term to doing this. But they're bringing in like, oh, we're going to have a battery assembly plant, all the parts from China, of course. But we're going to have this big plant right here in your little town. And that's where the inflation reduction. And this has been happening for decades with, you know, back since Obama's first green stimulus. Everything looks great at first until the money dries up and there's no market for it. And the products are a joke and they don't actually produce anything. And the batteries aren't good. And the solar panels that fade out and they don't have energy. And then what happens? The money goes to the same board. The companies will dissolve. A new board will form many times the same board members. They come in and they take over. And this is their makeshift jobs. The unions love it. They can bring the rank and file union in because they're going to be these temporary jobs funded by tax dollar. But no, they don't care because they're trying to even not talk about the gas powered car bands and the EVs. I mean, EVs are collapsing before our eyes. You know, we used to talk about defund the police. It was a big theory. Then they actually got to implement it. We saw the result. Now they ran away from it. They're still in the phase where they're talking about this panacea of EVs. Ford just announced they're bailing. Every major automaker is losing their shirt on it, walking away from the EVs, but not the federal government. Federal government is still in. Minnesota is in. Harris, as far as we know, again, they've gone silent on all of these plans with EVs. It's one thing to like an EV and think they're a neat second or third car. It's another to say we're going to ban gas powered cars. But that's what Harris walls are all about. And again, this is the most radical climate agenda we've ever seen that no one's talking about. And I mean, by no one, I mean, the candidates themselves stop talking about it. We don't even know their positions. We don't know they don't they don't have any public position on this anymore. They've gone silent. I would thank you for coming to my YouTube channel, but I know how brilliant it is. And I know you love it here. So subscribe and watch. We're going to start really ramping things up and putting some funny stuff, some interesting stuff out there, some collaborations. Either way, my YouTube channel is officially the place to be. So stick around.