 So Steve, we'll only get a few more of these big polls before election day. What does this one show? Yeah, it shows a shift on it from our last poll in September. So again, the tie here in our new poll, Trump versus Harris, and put that side by side with the last time we checked in on this race when it was a five-point Harris advantage. Now, what has changed events-wise, just to put this in some context from then to now, this poll here where Harris was up five was taken just after that Harris-Trump debate in September. Since then, obviously, there's been the vice presidential debate. There have been a number of events, Harris interviews. So the context of sort of the poll has changed a bit, and this might be the biggest change within the poll here. It has to do with the basic image of each candidate. We ask folks, do you have a positive or negative impression of Trump and Harris? You can see, look, 43.51 for Trump, that's negative. 43.49 for Harris, not much different. They're basically even on this question now, but that was not the case when we polled this race a month ago. A month ago, Harris was actually above water, as they say, 48 percent favorable and 45 percent negative a month ago. So her numbers have moved in a negative direction. She had a clear advantage on this basic question of the perception of the candidates. A month ago, that advantage now in our poll is gone. So that's a big shift there in terms of moving those numbers around. And given Trump has been president in the past, we know voters can compare his administration to the Biden administration. What are you seeing there? And I think that's another weight that Harris is sort of facing here. It's the baggage of being part of an unpopular administration, the vice president under Joe Biden. We ask folks, Biden's job approval rating in our poll, 43 percent. Obviously, not a good approval rating for president, part of why Democrats no longer have Joe Biden as their nominee. But then we also ask this question here retrospectively. Donald Trump's presidency, in hindsight, do you approve or disapprove of how he did as president? And look at this in our poll, a 48 percent retrospective approval rating for Trump. What's notable there is it's higher than Biden's current rating. And this is higher than Trump ever got in our poll when he was actually president. So Harris weighted down by this. And Trump, there's sort of a bit of a positive reassessment of him since he's been president by some folks that might be helping him as well. And you see it on this question, too, on our Biden's policies, the Biden administration policies helping or hurting your family. Only a quarter of respondents in our poll say they're helping. And again, we asked it retrospectively. Did the Trump administration's policies help or hurt your family? And look at the difference, 44 percent of plurality, clear plurality. They're saying those policies helped their families. So many interesting aspects of this polling. You'll be back next hour to break down more of it for us. Thank you so much, Steve Kornacki. So, Dasha, Trump is back in Pennsylvania tonight. This weekend, we heard some of his most alarming rhetoric yet framing his political opponents as criminals and enemies. Walk us through it. Yeah, Ana, he has really ramped up his rhetoric in these last weeks of the election, calling anyone who has opposed him or investigated him criminals, enemies from within. Take a listen to some of what he said over the weekend. I mean, she's a criminal. She's a criminal. She really is. If you think about it. We have some sick people, radical left lunatics. And I think they're the and it should be very easily handled by if necessary by national God or if really necessary by the military. We have the outside enemy and then we have the enemy from within and the enemy from within, in my opinion, is more dangerous than China, Russia and all these countries. And he's also heightened his rhetoric when it comes to immigration over the weekend, calling America, quote, occupied, calling the town of Aurora, Colorado conquered by Venezuelan gangs. Now he is here in Pennsylvania over the weekend. He was in both Colorado and California, notably not battleground states, but he is here today in Montgomery County, one of those color counties around Philly as early voting is underway here so far. Democrats taking more advantage of that option than Republicans of the former president did encourage his supporters over the weekend to vote early, vote by mail. Just get out to the polls on us. Tasha Burns for us in Pennsylvania. Thank you, Congressman Jolly. Your reaction to Trump's messaging. What do you make of him talking about the enemy within? That Donald Trump is a dangerous leader and that we should have reason to fear his return to the White House because we should take him at his word. He clearly has these tendencies, strongman tendencies, but he is also saying that if he gets reelected, he will, he intends to act against his political opponents. He mentioned that perhaps he should revoke CBS broadcasting license. We know what he wants to do to legal and undocumented immigrants here in the United States. I think the most disconcerting part when you hear the most aggressive, darkest themes from Donald Trump is that you also have to consider that it reflects the support of a large portion of this country. I mean, he's never received over 50 percent, so it's not a majority of the country, but about 48 percent of the country is prepared to vote for Donald Trump and those messages. That suggests a deep cultural rot in the country and Donald Trump is reflecting that. And you know, everything's on the line this November. We're going to choose not just the political direction of the country, the cultural direction of the country as well. And Vice President Harris is in a good place to lead us in a new direction. Okay, let Trump's running mate, JD Vance, he still won't give a direct answer on who won in 2020. I want you to watch this exchange. This was on ABC. If I ask you 50 times whether he lost the election, you would not acknowledge that he did. Is that correct? Martha, you've you asked this question. I've been asked this question 10 times in the past couple of weeks. Of course, Donald Trump and I believe there were problems in 2020. You haven't asked about inflation. No, no, I'm sorry. Let's stick to this. I know. I know people want us to talk about how to make their lives better. Did Donald Trump lose? Ask the question and you know, that's the question. Martha, I've said repeatedly, I think the 2020 election had problems. You want to say rigged. You want to say he won. Use whatever vocabulary term you want. Okay. LaVance seems to be trying to twist himself into a pretzel on this, trying to please Trump in the face. But will this string of non-answers on 2020 or Trump's rhetoric that we're hearing, does any of that do damage with the average voter? Well, the Harris campaign certainly seems to think that it does. This is the same question that J.D. Vance had in that VP debate a few weeks ago. And the Harris campaign really clipped that moment, pushed it out on social media. But the thing is voters, when it comes to the question of democracy, they tend to really complete it. It's popular both with Republicans and Democrats, but for different reasons. And in some ways Vance is right. Voters, especially persuadable voters, want Harris to talk about the economy and immigration. Those are areas where she could really draw separation with herself and Joe Biden. And that's something that she's particularly under pressure to do right now. And yet she hasn't really been able to answer that question when it comes to her about how she would be different than Joe Biden. And that's probably in huge part because she respects the president. She's still part of the administration and really honors Biden for both choosing her to be vice president and endorsing her very early in this race. Congressman Vance also said Trump's attorney general pick will be more important than his VP pick if he is elected here. You're a lawyer yourself. What's your view on this? Will there be any guardrails for another Trump presidency? You've already talked about how he has already talked about going after his political opponents. I don't think there will be any guardrails. And you see that in his own vice president, J.D. Vance. And I think whatever people's opinion on the question of democracy, you can tell a liar when you see them try to dodge a question. And I think that's the most damning part of J.D. Vance's non-answer. We also know that the notion of lawfare, Republicans want revenge, and they intend to do that through the courts. Donald Trump remade the party in his image. He made the Supreme Court in his image and remade much of the federal circuit as well. And then we saw what happened when pushback from McConnell McCarthy and other so-called Republican leaders came in. Donald Trump just mowed them over. None of the guardrails will be here in the second term. He will use lawfare. He will use the Department of Justice. He will use the IRS to go after people. And apparently he is going to round up undocumented immigrants in the country as well. This is such a defining moment for our country, a dark moment for our country. And it makes the stakes of the November election so much more critical. Another issue that is high stakes this election is the abortion issue. And it's interesting, Akayla, in our NBC News poll, voters were asked, what is the one issue you feel so strongly about that you will vote for or against a candidate solely on that issue? And abortion was the top response, 22 percent, above immigration, above cost of living even. Should that worry Republicans? Well, Harris is certainly using this issue. This is something that she has a lot of credibility on. She was talking about it before she was even running. And it's a huge one that she has a difference from Joe Biden, who really, frankly, was uncomfortable talking about this issue. This is something that voters continuously say they trust her more than Donald Trump on. And I think we're really seeing her push that and this media blitz. That was a huge focus of the interview that she did with Call Her Daddy, this very popular podcast, particularly in the South and the Midwest. So the campaign is certainly trying to find ways for her to continue to message on this. It's going to be huge in Arizona where abortion is on the ballot. Congressman, part of the surge in Democratic enthusiasm once President Biden dropped out of this race was this idea that the race would become less a referendum on Biden, more of a referendum on Trump. But as we just heard from Steve at the top here, voters have a more favorable view of the Trump years than of the Biden years right now. Has Democratic messaging fallen flat on that or why is that, do you think? Well, I also think the negative partisanship from Republicans is really taking hold. I mean, we're seeing the vast spending that you see in the last six weeks of a race, as Steve mentioned, where the vice president's favorable numbers were on the on the right side. Now they're upside down. Negative partisanship is the most effective campaigning tool in any race, from city council to the race for president. The notion that the other side is worse than ours. So you've got to vote against the other side. That is what Republicans have unleashed on Vice President Harris. And you're seeing those numbers. I still think we look after an election, when all is said and done, all the polls all the analysts look at it and say, wow, what was the demographic that really turned this? Obviously, you need every demographic. And if you're vice president Harris, you're seeing the surge of support among black women. You're seeing questions about support among black men and Latinos. You need everybody. But I really think there is going to be that quiet, sleeper, suburban woman vote. I think women are going to decide this election. They don't poll. Well, we've seen it in the reproductive right amendments and state ballot initiatives in seven states thus far where they don't poll. Well, they don't show up in polls, but they show up and they are generally trending against Donald Trump. Decide the poll of the revisionist history of his years. So many people adhere to the vice president's message that they're not going back. They just don't want to go back to the chaos of the Trump years. I think women are going to side this election. And I think it looks favorable for the vice president. But I think it's a good thing that we're going back to the presidential election. And I think it's a good thing that we're going back to the presidential election. And I think it's a good thing that we're going back to the presidential election. And I think it's a good thing that we're going back to the presidential election. And I think it's a good thing that we're going back to the presidential election. And I think it's a good thing that we're going back to the presidential election. And I think it's a good thing that we're going back to the presidential election. And I think it's a good thing that we're going back to the presidential election. And I think it's a good thing that we're going back to the presidential election. And I think it's a good thing that we're going back to the presidential election.