 What is the economic issue that causes this race to break in one direction or the other? Each campaign is rolling out different ideas on the daily. Today Kamala Harris unveiling a new plan to cover in-home health care for seniors. What captures the attention of undecided voters in Pennsylvania? Yeah, so first of all thanks for having me, Joe. I don't think it's a single issue probably. It's not one of the giveaways that Kamala Harris is promising or for that matter some of the pandering that Donald Trump has done. I think the economic issue is a sort of broad gut check. Do you feel like you're better off than you were several years ago personally? Is your family finances in better shape or not? Do you feel like you've got security in your job and if you were to lose it would it be pretty easy to get a comparable one or would it be really hard? And prices, you know, that has been a huge, huge factor, right? The huge, huge inflation that we've experienced where wages have not kept up. Now recently of course price increases have moderated considerably but as you know prices don't go back down typically and so people still are not accustomed to the sticker shock they get at the supermarket. So I think it's the kind of the cumulative weight of all of these factors and whether or not people feel like we're heading on the right track. Well if we consider tracks here, sir, the data on the economy and voter feeling about it has been tracking more in favor of Kamala Harris, at least relative to how Joe Biden was doing on some of these metrics, which does make me wonder if it's still the best line of attack that Republicans can use against not just her but Democrats by and large if we are seeing sentiment around the economy starting to change even if with somewhat of a lagged effect. Yeah, look, I think it is a somewhat less salient point but still nevertheless quite salient. Look, there's been good economic data recently, right? I mean, in the rate of inflation, the rate of price increases has certainly moderated. The stock market's had an amazing rally and hit record highs and a lot of people have investments if it's through an IRA or 401k. So that matters to them. We saw a very strong jobs number come out just last week. So there has been some good data. I'm not shocked that that has filtered its way to people's sense about the strength of the economy. Having said that, I think people remember that prior to the pandemic, we had the best economy in my adult lifetime and very recently we had a really rough patch. So things have certainly gotten better for Kamala Harris than they were for Biden, but I think it's still advantage Republican. I want to get granular with you for a moment if I can, Senator. Four weeks from tonight, we're going to be looking at the map of Pennsylvania trying to figure out what in the world is happening here. And I spoke yesterday with your former colleague, Charlie Dent, former Republican congressman from Pennsylvania. He's now senior advisor at a group called Our Republican Legacy. He shared which counties he thinks will decide this state, which he thinks will decide the nation. Let's listen. The two counties to watch in Pennsylvania are North Hampton County, my old district, is the ultimate bellwether county in the state and perhaps the nation and Erie County. Those are the two counties. And I'm not big on predictions, but I will say this. I will predict this. Whichever candidate wins North Hampton and Erie counties will likely win the president. We'll win Pennsylvania and we'll win the presidency. Take us to school, Senator. What are you watching on election night? Look, Charlie makes a good point. And if you made me come up with a list, North Hampton County and Erie County, one in the eastern part of the state, one in the northwest corner, those would be on my list. But here's the thing to remember. Within a state, the county don't have an electoral college. Right. It's not a not a binary switch as to whether you've won or lost. And so, sure, if you're winning in North Hampton and Erie County, you're probably doing pretty well. You're probably doing well in the really big counties, too. You can't take your eye off a big county like Bucks County or or even Delaware County in the southeast or Allegheny County in the west where you have the potential for big swings. And the population of those counties are so big that even if, say, a Republican doesn't carry a Bucks County, if he does considerably better than a Republican typically does, that can be enough to win the state, too. So I would agree North Hampton and Erie counties often are bellwethers. But look at look at all the big suburban counties around the state. There's a handful of them. And there's just so many swing voters that they determine the outcome. Well, so many voters, so many votes to count and potentially a lot of time until we know what that sum total is of all of those different votes, sir, especially in a state like Pennsylvania, which doesn't allow the counting of ballots that were mailed in until the morning of Election Day. We've been trying to prepare financial markets for not just the kind of policy they could expect under these two different potential presidents, but frankly, how long it is going to take to figure out who is going to be the president of the United States. How long do you expect it will it will take for us to know who actually won Pennsylvania? It could be a while. It really could. And I agree with what I where I think you're going with the idea on the mail in ballots. You know, it's one thing to not tabulate the results of mail in ballots in advance. But there's a process that this requires. It requires physically opening an envelope, removing it, removing the ballot from the envelope, verifying the accuracy of the way it was filled out, inserting it into a machine so that it gets scanned. You could do all of that in advance and still not push the button that tabulates the results. And our legislature should pass legislation that would require that to happen, as many states do. And then on election night, you'd be counting the ballots as they're coming in. You'd be counting the ballots cast on election day and you'd simply push a button in each of the counties to get the other results from the mail in ballots. That's the way we should do it. That's not the way the law is in Pennsylvania. So we're going to wait a while. And if it's very close, it's it's going to take as long as it takes. It could be days. It could be longer. I wonder if there might be some motivation to change that law, Senator, when Donald Trump claims victory at nine thirty at night on election day, are you worried about reliving this again? Look, I think it's a it's a valid concern. If if Donald Trump does not win the election, do you think he's going to admit that he lost? I don't think so.