 I've said for a while now, watch his rallies. Listen to his words. He tells us who he is. And he tells us what he would do if he is elected president. So here tonight, I will show you one example of Donald Trump's worldview and intentions. Please roll the clip. The worst people are the enemies from within. The enemy from within. Those people, those people are more dangerous. The enemy from within than Russia and China. These people should be put in jail the way they talk about our judges and our justices. Now, if you had one really violent day, one rough hour, and I mean real rough, I think the bigger problem are the people from within. We have some very bad people. We have some sick people. Radical left lunatics. And I think they're the and it should be very easily handled by, if necessary, by national guard or if really necessary by the military. So, so you heard so you heard his words. You heard his words coming from him. He's talking about the enemy within Pennsylvania. He's talking about the enemy within our country, Pennsylvania. He's talking about that he considers anyone who doesn't support him or who will not bend to his will and enemy of our country. You've been listening to Vice President Kamala Harris at a campaign rally in Erie, Pennsylvania, delivering some of her sharpest and strongest attacks to date against Donald Trump. She went right after his comments about using the military against American citizens who he calls, quote, his words, the enemy from within. And she even played those comments on a big screen in the arena. I don't even know that we've seen that before. She also said, which I wrote down, she's he's referring to anyone who doesn't support him. Anyone who will not bend to his will. Those are part of her remarks. Joining me now is Stacey Abrams, voting rights activist and former Democratic leader of the Georgia House, who I know is watching that rally as well. So it's great to see you. Thank you so much for joining me. And I want to talk to you about so much, including voter suppression efforts out there and the state of Georgia. But I just want to start with the vice president's remarks. I mean, I heard them as some of her strongest remarks, rebuke of what is at stake here, of the threat of Trump to date. When you hear and I want to ask you something that she's kind of asking us all to do. So let's talk about what he's saying and what it means. When you hear Trump talk about the enemy from within, what do you hear? I hear echoes of Victor Orban, of Vladimir Putin, of Nicholas Maduro. Autocrats begin by vilifying the press, demonizing their and dehumanizing their opponents and co-opting the judiciary. And he's already done the first two. And now he's coming after the third, which is to—instead of us being opponents, he's calling us enemies. You dehumanize someone by saying that they don't possess an equality of spirit, an equality of capacity. And when he calls other Americans the enemy, when he says that he should send the National Guard or even the military after American citizens, he is doing his best to say that the only way to survive as a country is to essentially abdicate responsibility to the Constitution. And we should not be—we should not be surprised by this, because he's been building up to it. And he has promised us this is what he intends to do. And because we have a Supreme Court that he has co-opted that has said that he can't be prosecuted for doing so, we should be deeply concerned. And I think the vice president is absolutely correct to not only call out his rhetoric, but to remind us that rhetoric becomes policy if he becomes president. No question about it. We have to listen to what he says. He said things he was going to do in 2015 and 2016, and then he did them. I want to pull on a thought you just mentioned, because this has been something I've been thinking about a lot, too, is when you are echoing dictators, when you're trying to crush the media, when you are trying to silence people out there, make it harder to vote, that's not a sign of strength. It's actually a sign of weakness. Dictators are weak because they can't get elected of their own regard. But if you're the Harris team, what do you do to combat that? Because that is still the perception some people have. It's hard to take the abstract and make it real. And I think she's doing exactly the right thing, which is pulling on recent comments, showing the words coming out of his own mouth, and then connecting the dots to our lived reality. This is the same man who said he was going to eliminate abortion and pack the Supreme Court to steal a woman's right to choose. So we can no longer assume—I think during the first administration, they said, you know, take him seriously, but not literally. We now have to take him literally. And I think what she's doing so effectively is connecting the dots between his rhetoric and the real policies that he's put in place and that he will put in place. If you overload people and say, he's just crazy or he—I mean, I think unhinged is the right word, but then you have to bring it back to their lived experience and their reality. He will take away that $35 cap on insulin. He will eliminate access to capital for small businesses, especially those owned by minorities. He will do what he can to put people back in jail and to turn this into a police state, because, as you said, he is a weak man who is relying on the military power and his ability to undermine others to prop himself up. —Let me ask you about some of the strategies that she's deploying and what you think works and doesn't, because one of the groups—and people are voting across the country right now in all the key swing states, including—they will be in Georgia this week as well. One of the key groups that she needs to continue appealing to is, obviously, young voters, including young black men. And there's been some polls lately. I'd love to know your take on them. But first, I want to play something that former President Obama said this—last week, I should say—about this and see what you think of it. So let's play that, and we'll talk after. —On the other side, you have someone who has consistently shown disregard, not just for the communities, but for you as a person. And you're thinking about sitting down and I'm speaking to men directly. Part of it makes me think that, well, you just aren't feeling the idea of having a woman as president. And you're coming up with other alternatives and other reasons for that. —So, as you know, I worked for him for 10 years. He had a lot he wanted to get off his chest there. There was a lot packed in. I mean, he touches on sexism, apathy. I think a lot of people are trying to answer this question. But why do you think—what do you think is driving younger black men to Trump? And what do you think, at this point, the Harris team can do about it? —I would say two things. One is that Vice President Harris has been very intentional from the start of this campaign to treat every single voting cohort with the respect they are due, meaning she does not take anyone for granted and she has worked hard to cultivate and curate policies that speak to their needs. That said, sexism is, of course, still part of our American politics. There's a reason she's only the second woman to ever hold the nomination to be president of the United States. Sexism is a part of it. But we also have to recognize that for young black men in particular, they have had a very difficult time in the last 15 years. And Donald Trump has been part of that. But so have the policies he plans to reinstate. Policies like stop and frisk do not target universally. They target young black men. Access to capital is one of the strongest barriers to starting your own small business, and he will eliminate that. When you hear him say he doesn't believe in DEI, what he's saying is he does not believe that people of color, namely young black men, should have access to capital. What he has said and what he will do is return us to a time when young black men are walled off from opportunity. Now, what he is willing to do is to lie about his intentions. And if you listen to his lies, it's like listening to Santa Claus. But Santa Claus is real. But you can't— Of course, Santa. You don't vote for Santa Claus. You don't vote for Santa. You vote for a leader who sees you, who has a plan to serve you, and is willing to acknowledge that there are weaknesses in our existing policies. And that's what Kamala Harris is doing. She's saying we have not done everything we need to. That's why we hold elections. That's why we hold office. But she has a plan to address those challenges. And as someone who was cast as unappealing to young black men when I ran, I will tell you that I received strong support, identical to the African-American gentleman who was on the ticket with me, Raphael Warnock. And so I also encourage us not to overread into this moment. Her willingness to speak directly to a community is a sign of respect. And the fact that there is weakness or softness in the numbers does not mean that that's how Election Day is going to show up. What that is saying is that this is a population that needs to hear more, and she's responding to that need by answering the call and putting out an agenda and saying, here I am, ask me questions, I'm ready to serve you. Such an important reminder. What happens on Election Day is the most important thing. And you and I have talked about sexism before, which is certainly alive and well in lots of worlds, including politics. Okay, I listened to your—and then I read the whole transcript, too, because I always learned so much from you about voter suppression, about what we should be watching. You have this amazing new podcast with Crooked Media. I recommend it so highly for anybody who wants to learn and be prepared for what to watch. But you've been sounding the alarm for years, and you recently noted that there have been 291 restrictive bills introduced in states across the country related to voting, 291. That's a shocking number. And one of those states is, of course, your home state of Georgia, where the Georgia State Election Board approved a new rule that would require a hand count of the number of ballots cast on Election Day. I will tell you, first of all, in my neighborhood party, my neighbors have asked me about this and what the impact would be, because people care so deeply about what's happening in Georgia and so many states. First of all, let me ask you, because you've been following us closely, do you see any scenario in the next 22 days where that issue is resolved before Election Day? Well, yes. Right now, there is a pending court case, and we are hopeful that the judge listening will require the State Election Board to actually follow the law. What they have done is put in place rules that they would like to follow. But the law is clear. This is a ministerial post. They have absolute responsibilities, and their intention is to sow chaos, to put failure points in the system. But I also encourage folks to start voting early. Early voting starts tomorrow in Georgia. You can vote from October 15th to November 1st. And one of the best ways to counter the bad actions—and let's be clear, the State Election Board is the latest in a line of bad actions perpetrated by Republicans, starting with Governor Brian Kemp and supported, unfortunately, by Secretary of State Rafton Berger that have weakened access to the polls since 2020. That said, we can win anyway by understanding what their intention is and doing our best to overwhelm the polls with our presence. Our votes are our voice, and that's how we can win.