 Alright everyone, we have to talk about some political polling right now. I think that if there's a tie in Pennsylvania, like in the statistical polling, I think that Trump will win. Over the last couple of months he's either like mildly ahead or mildly behind, but it's like within one point. Right now there's basically a statistical tie in the state of Pennsylvania. I think that the Union Dems that broke for Trump in 2016 are by and large going to be a break for him again. I don't think it'll be like 2020. I think that he can win in a statistical tie. He was not polling that well in 2016 and he managed to pull off a win in the state. It wasn't by a huge margin and it was close, but he did win. I think that he wins on a tie. In fact, I think that he wins if he's a couple of points behind in the state. I think that would be sort of the break-even point. There's a reason for this and that's due to economic policy, I think mainly. I think it's mainly like you look at the Teamsters, for example, in one of the largest unions. The leadership refused to endorse Kamala Harris, which is a stunning defeat for her, by the way. That was because they did an interior poll and they found that the majority of the people within the union endorsed Trump. So they said, well, we can endorse Trump. We're a fucking union. So that would be a bad look. The Democrats will pull funding, but we can't really endorse Harris because then we've pissed off more than half of our workers that we represent and they might pick it. They might strike and this will become a big issue. So they decided to stand down and stand by, so to speak. I think that Pennsylvania is Trump's to lose. It's not the same as like Wisconsin. In Wisconsin, I would expect Kamala Harris to pull off a mild win. If the election were held today, of course, things can change in the next month. We've still got the vice presidential debate. We've got the competing town halls. So we're not sure if any of these things are gonna move the metric really. If the trajectory of the race though remains roughly stable, I would expect Trump to win Pennsylvania. He would also get Georgia and North Carolina. That's pretty much the election. He seems to be far ahead in Arizona, which is hilarious. Considering Maricopa County has now been defanged in its ability to fortify the election. We can talk about that later. There was a recent judicial decision with regards to the certification of the election there, which I find hilarious. Nevada probably his. Michigan might be the 50-50 state. And this, by the way, is terrible news for Kamala Harris. If Michigan is sort of the 50-50 state, if that's the hinge on which the election is going to rotate, that's a terrible thing for the Democrats overall. Because Michigan had been for some time fairly reliably blue. And it looks like again, a 50-50 some game. If Trump gets Michigan, by the way, again, it's all over. If he gets Virginia, it's all over. The election is fundamentally done. We might not get the election results, though, for weeks anyway because they're clearly being rigged at the moment. So they're trying to do everything that they possibly can to scramble things up. I think that they've sort of blown their load, though, already and they failed. They tried to kill the man. They tried to legally persecute the man. They tried to fortify the elections. All of these things appear to have failed. Only because their candidate, Kamala Harris, is an abject failure in and of herself. She goes to the border, as literal borders are, and doesn't really want to take questions from journalists, of course, about this. And basically just sloganeers the entire time. Trump has put forth concrete plans for what he wants to do. Kamala Harris has borrowed Trump's homework a couple of times, but otherwise, she has, at this point, and this is inexplicable, even for the Kamala Harris campaign. I mean, it's run by a person who's a retard. Even for her, though, it seems odd that more than half of her actual policy positions are literally borrowed from her opponent. I mean, it almost makes no sense at this point. It's a nonsensical candidacy. It's literally the tarred candidacy. This is short bus Kamala, basically. And this has happened a number of times. I mean, every time it happens, I'm still surprised. I'm like, how much more can you screw up? It's a very, very funny link in the description, though, not archived. This is just the rolling average in RCP. And you should definitely use RCP. It's a good site, good aggregator for news, good aggregator for polls. Their polling aggregator is a little bit different than Nate Silver's model. The other day, this was crazy, too. Nate Silver calling out Alan Lichtman, actually. I happen to agree with Nate Silver. Hell has frozen over officially. He says, well, eight or maybe even nine of the keys should go to Donald Trump under your schema and it seems rather random, rather... It's malleable. There's some wiggle room in there. I pointed this out some time ago, especially with incumbency. That was back when Biden was still the presumptive nominee for the Democratic Party. I'm looking at the political situation. I'm saying, my God, the number of weird things that have happened in this election, I don't think that we've actually had that number of strange things happen in any other election, maybe in US history. Maybe if you go back to the Andrew Jackson days, I'm sure there was weird shit that happened then like him randomly deciding to duel somebody, something like that. In modern political history, though, I've seen some weird shit like Mitt Romney freezing up on stage and saying like horses and bayonets. Obama completely trashed him on that, which was funny at the time, by the way. I voted for Ron Paul, but I do admit Obama got in a few really, really good jabs in those debates. They went viral for a reason. I mean, maybe Bush v. Kerry was probably the most boring election. By the way, we'll be talking about John Kerry later. He came out and talked about free expression and how it's a stumbling block for fighting disinformation. Yeah, John, that's the way to phrase it to the American people. It'll go over so well. I mean, I'm looking at the political situation, they're like, what the fuck is going on at this point? And I think that Trump wins. I believe that he will win the election. I can't imagine the American people are dumb enough to vote for Kamala Harris, by and large, number one. And number two, the socioeconomic situation that we find ourselves in favors a populist platform like Trump's in places like Pennsylvania, in places like Nevada. That gets you pretty close to 270 right there. Pennsylvania is the big win. If Pennsylvania goes for Trump, there's no possibility that Harris wins, which means we don't have to have World War III, which would be really appreciated. I'd rather not see hundreds of millions, maybe even billions of people roasted alive in nuclear fire. And I'm just for some reason, maybe call it me having a fucking empathy, a soul or something like that. Actually, being a human being, I'm not in favor of that sort of thing. Trump will conduct diplomacy. He's getting roundly criticized by the liberals for doing so as well. I covered that yesterday. It's like Trump says, hey, I want to get a peace deal between Ukraine and Russia. The liberals were all like, oh my God, that means you're a Russian asset. How dare you want peace? This makes no sense. Definitely not the liberals of yesteryear, my goodness. That's about all. Peace out.