 President Donald Trump worked at a Pennsylvania McDonald's. Some people loved it and some including the mainstream media hated it. Let's talk about it. How's everybody doing? My name is Anthony Brian Logan. And today we got to talk about president Donald Trump working a shift at a Pennsylvania McDonald's. Now I thought this was a great idea. I loved it. The optics look great. He was great. Being able to talk to people in a natural environment, being funny, being relatable, being a man of the people. This is what people love about Trump. He's a billionaire, big, uh, real estate tycoon, whatever, but he's still to us, one of us. So this was great in my humble opinion. Now some people don't agree with me. Some think that it was a stunt and it was a slap in the face to real workers and all types of stuff. Now, and my humble opinion, those who did not like this didn't like Trump already. So it didn't matter what he did. Look, if Trump was to volunteer to rescue puppies, okay, puppies and kittens he's rescuing. If you volunteer to do that, they would say stage in this fake and whatnot. Now, of course, when it comes to Kamala Harris going on cooking shows, going in restaurants, flipping burgers, I got a picture of Kamala literally flipping the burger. I'm gonna show that in a little bit when it comes to her. Oh, she's great. And she's an amazing cook and should bring it to the white house. You see how that works. And before I go any further and get any more trigger, let's get into a video here. This is from MS 13 DNC, also known as MS NBC. And they're talking about, oh, it was staged and it was faking. It was phony. We got a whole lot. We got memes. We got the, the positive. We get everything. But without further ado, let's go ahead and roll it. I mean, if you're on his campaign, and I know you are certainly not, I'm not making any implication of that, but what is the logic behind this going to a McDonald's? I mean, we know the guy likes Big Macs and Filet-O-Fish and he's used the word love to describe the way he feels about the food there before. But what's this about? There's no logic to it. It's a stump. He has not put forth an economic agenda. He, as you know, is, uh, appears to be not well. And he's engaged in some really bizarre types of, uh, activities during this campaign. So this is just another one of those stunts that he will continue on through the campaign. And I think that we need to really focus on making sure that he is not elected, of course, because he is a threat to our democracy. But also, uh, the Harris law's agenda is about, uh, the economy, reducing the cost of living, reducing the cost of prescription drugs, reducing the cost of housing. I mean, whoever that is talking, you already know it's just somebody that didn't like Trump already. It doesn't matter what Trump did. Like I said, he could volunteer to rescue puppies and kittens and they would still try to find a way to say he did something wrong. He could be out there picking up litter trash. It don't matter. They would say he did something wrong. Okay. That's kind of what's going on here, but let's keep on going. Okay. Here's some article headlines. We're not reading the articles here. We're just reading the headlines. So you kind of see what's going on. The New York times as Trump served up McDonald's fries, vitriol boiled outside. Okay. So talking about all you Trump supporters are being negative and violent. Uh, Newsweek, McDonald's, Donald Trump worked at failed last health inspection. So you're trying to say that these people don't know, you know, they got a dirty establishment or whatever. And about health inspections, let me give you a little bit of insight baseball for you guys who may not have restaurant experience, or maybe you've forgotten, or maybe you just didn't have this experience. Now back in my old country buffet days when I was 17, 18, 19 college, high school, whatever, what we would do is clean up really, really well before they came because we knew when they were coming, we knew they were going to come on this day of this month. So we had to just clean up extra. And a lot of stuff got kind of swept under the road quite literally. Okay. But I digress now what's this year? Uh, MS 13 DNC, the difference between work and Trump's Trump's stage McDonald's theatrics. There are reports suggesting Trump worked at him at Donald's, but that's not quite right because there's differences between work and stage theatrics. Okay. So you see what they're trying to do. Now here's Fox news. Trump makes for our special thing in McDonald's. I've now worked 15 minutes more than Kamala straight for honest headline at all the headlines. That's the best from Fox. Now, you know, we dealing with, we talking about the mainstream media being very bad. Okay. Now here's a Kamala let her cook. Most politicians fumble when it comes to food could come on the be the exception. Here's is literally flipping burgers, literally flipping burgers. Now, unlike many political food photo ops cooking with Kamala makes politician seem normal. You see what they do. You see what they do flipping burgers, but Hey, it's cool because you know, Kamala, that's mamala. And she has a lot of love. The dumbest thing. Let's keep on going here. And this 13 DNC again, we just saw one from his 13 DNC and we heard the audio, but look at this year, hell to the chef. Kamala Harris is locking down food network voters. Her love of cooking and dreams of opening a restaurant are relatable to America's foodies. Okay. Now this lady, 60 years old has been a politician the whole life. Never been a chef or nothing like that, but talking about cooking and opening the restaurant, that's relatable to people. But when Trump goes in McDonald's, it's a stage photo op and everything else, right? Okay. You get the idea of what's going on. Now let's go back to the McDonald's and see Trump in action. Check it out. Thank you. I really appreciate it. Thank you. I want to take a look at the Trump store. Secret service can do it. I'm doing it. I like the idea. We have plenty. I don't know. What do you want? You want something when you're there? I'll tell you what, how about if we gave you some French fries? All right. Are you, that's sort of a bribe, but I think a prize by fuckers. I'm going to get you some French fries. Somebody come up here and take them. Let's get them some French fries. Okay. These are the fake news. These guys don't get any. They're two. They're actually more comfortable, right? All right. Good. Give me a couple more of them. Oh, you're very stingy with that product. Look at that. She's a good worker. You want to, that's the kind of people you want to have. What she gave them one French fries and 30 report. See this way. This is what I'm talking about. Trump is relatable because what do we say? Okay. We go to McDonald's and it's kind of light. It is bad kind of light, man. You didn't give me too many fries. You know what I mean? You, you stingy with the, with the, with the sauces and whatnot. That's what people think that this is just a real person and he wasn't really trying to be mean or nothing like that because he gave her a compliment right afterward. You saying, Hey, that's a good worker because she'll protect the product. She's not going to make me lose money. Okay. So he comes to you from the common sense perspective and then he comes to you from the business perspective and real people can recognize that we see what's going on. We see how Trump is different from your regular political person who was just an actor at best and not even a good actor. People like Kamala Harris trying to ride a crowd up doing all this jazz right here. We're not feeling it. We don't really, it's not. Anyway, I digress. What is that? Would you like two in the back? Two in the back. Yeah. We'll throw them out the window. Don't be a good guy. He doesn't. You having a good time today? Pretty good. Very good. A lot of people look for it. They kept saying, when are you going to McDonald's? And I said, let's do it. So we have the owner, we have a man. That's a friend of mine. That's a great guy. How many McDonald's you own? Hey, you know what? I'm looking at Trump and what he has on the red tie with the white shirt and the, and the yellow, like the golden arts to this type situation. You know what? And I'm thinking about Dave Thomas. Yeah. R.I.P. to Dave Thomas. Trump could be a new Dave Thomas. If I was McDonald's, I'd go for it. I would just lean into it and use it as a marketing campaign. They make tremendous profit. I don't know. I just said I'm the health. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't know. They go well. I know you're in the house. I'm you. What you do is you eat McDonald's and you go to the health. It works out actually pretty good. Thank you. Thank you. There you go. You're happy. There's plenty of them in there for you. Okay. Grab. You want to move them back? Yeah. All right. So there we go. Trump serving fries through the drive-thru to the reporters. Now, we got a few clips of when they get to shout out to Linpett and for posting these. Can we get us? We got, we got a song. So shout out to the song. I'm not sure who that is, but I love a good McDonald's song. Okay. We got some memes, extra salty. I'm loving it. And I've always wanted to work at McDonald's. I never did. I'm running against somebody that said she did, but it turned out to be a totally phony story. So. President Trump. Thank you. Hello everybody. Crazy. I'm having a lot of fun here everybody. Thank you. I'm looking for a job and I'm... The people love him. And here's a picture. This is a renaissance painting. Great picture of Trump in the window. Open it up. Keep it tight. You got the shoulder on her. Never touches the human hand. Very good. Nice and full. Thank you. Good. Open it up. This is the first batch presidential fries. Love it. Thank you. Hey, you know what? If it's worth saying, I think most of us can agree on is that these McDonald's fries are good. Now I'm not going to sit here and say McDonald's is the best food you can eat now. Obviously. I'm really most of my time a whole food eater. A lot of just one ingredient type stuff. But if I want to go to a fast food restaurant, I'm going to tell you something. The only place I go is McDonald's. And what do I get? Great question. Glad you asked. What I get when I go? I get the crispy chicken with a medium fry. No drink. I get some water from the store or something like that. Or I just come home and eat it. Or in the morning, I get a chicken biscuit with a hash brown and some strawberry jelly. That right there. That's my that's my cheat day junk food. But it's good. It's really, really good. Okay. And we got a picture of Trump out the window waving. And then this iconic picture of the staff leaving when Trump won hilarious. Look at Jen Psaki. All these people with Burger King hats on. Okay. Great. And then this person says Donald Trump gave me seven nuggets in my six piece order. Hashtag blessed. All right. Then my man that's that's the face of pure joy right there. My man coming up to see Trump in the window. Thank you. Look at that. Thank you, Mr. President. You made it possible for ordinary people like us. You know, I mean, thank you so much. I can see. I can see. We pray for you. And you are the type of person we want to be the president. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. President. When you think about it, I guess that's right. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. People love him. A lot of fun here, everybody. Oh my God. Oh my God. So the previous guy, I think he might have been Indian Indian subcontinent and she is from Brazil. So, you know, they want to call him a racist, all this kind of stuff where people from all walks of life had a white guy that came up, India got it came up, Brazilian woman that come up, everybody coming up supporting the president. Hello, everybody. You can take this, right? This is compliments of Trump. Okay. Yes, thank you. Mr. President, please don't let the United States become Brazil, my native Brazil. We'll keep it good. Please, please. We're going to make it better than ever. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. It was a pleasure. Yes. Thank you so much. Thank you over there. Have a good time. They love them. The people love them. Employer of the month, of course. Got to get that. President Trump, especially work more days at McDonald's and Kamala. Yeah, so it's good. I appreciate all the, all the memes. Everything is amazing. I will link to everything in the box. But as I close, I want to say this, I don't show up for going to McDonald's and working this shift. I like that. I like it. I don't think it's a cheap stunt. If it's a cheap stunt, then you got a picture of Kamala literally flipping burgers. Is that what she does every day for a living? Is she a burger flipper or is she a politician for the past 40 years or whatever the case may be? I mean, come on, let's start playing games. And I think I'll leave that right there for now. And what say you, what's your take on Trump's McDonald's visit? Was it a good idea, bad idea, whatever your thoughts are. Let me know in the comments below. You guys know, Ron, Matt, I think it was a great idea. I loved it. I loved it. And I want to see more people do stuff like this, more politicals do stuff like this. It's to me, it's great. It's fantastic. I loved it. But whatever your thoughts are, please let me know in the comments below. And that's all I got to say for this video. If you like what you heard, please comment, rate, share and subscribe. Peace. Peace.