 Did you like my mugshot? Did you like the mugshot? Lovely. Another disastrous speech by Donald Trump. This one in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, you hear him there bragging about the mugshot based on the felonies he was accused of in Georgia. He's a convicted felon as well. He just wants to remind people of that. By the way, even the Amish individuals who were in attendance got bored. You can see them looking at their phone right there here. Donald Trump is perplexed by the concept that two weeks ago he was talking about President Biden and now he's talking about Vice President Kamala Harris. Trying to process that. Play the clip. I can't believe I'm doing it. You know, the weird thing. I mean, two weeks ago I was talking about Biden. I didn't even know her name. Nobody did. Kamala. Hello. Beautiful. I didn't even know her name. Kamala. Donald Trump then wants the crowd to know he is not cognitively impaired. So he wants to share the story of Hannibal Lecter again here. Play the clip. This is oh, they go crazy when they want to try and say he's cognitively impaired. You know, I stand up here for two hours and I speak without a mistake. But when I say Hannibal Lecter, they say, why does he keep mentioning it? Because Hannibal Lecter was a serious psycho, right? He was the Silence of the Lands. Dr. Hannibal Lecter, he'd like to have you for dinner. See the man with the wall, stand up. Look at this guy. He's here so much. He's great. He's great. He's a Trump voter. I don't think we have to worry about him, do we? He's a Trump voter all the way. But Hannibal Lecter would like to have you for dinner. But these people are now in our country and they always, you know, actually it's quite clever, I think, but you know, what do you do? But they're always saying like he mentions Hannibal Lecter. It doesn't make sense. It makes a lot of sense. Then in a very weird and creepy moment, Donald Trump talks about Corey Competore's wife, Corey Competore, was killed in Butler, Pennsylvania in the shooting, and Donald Trump is surprised that Corey Competore's widow says that she like still loves him and would still want to be with him. And Donald Trump says many wives would not want to be with them. Talking about Melania, what? Play the clip. So, like, you know what? Corey's wife said, I'd rather have my husband. Isn't that good? I know a lot of wives that would not say that. I'm sorry. They would not say that. But no, it's a great family. He was a great man. He was a brave man. He saw what was happening and he jumped on top and he got... Then Donald Trump says that Vice President Kamala Harris is not tough on crime because she's only tough on people like him. Ergo, she's tough on crime. Play the clip. She wasn't tough on crime. She's only tough on guys like me because they want to go after their political opponents. Then Donald Trump says he doesn't know much about shootings or, you know, he says people like him when it comes to the Second Amendment, but he doesn't know a lot about that. But what he does know about his golf, he says, play the clip. That's exactly. And my son said, that's not a long distance, 100. I don't know so much about shooting other than I'm very good for the Second Amendment, I can tell you, but I don't know so much about shooting. But I know about sports. I know about golf. He said that's like sinking a two-foot putt, dad. That would be the equivalent. Is that right? He actually said it might be less than that because some people can't sink a two-foot putt like Biden. I would say Biden. Biden can't sink. But that's like sinking. Did anybody see the Bryson D'Chambeau thing? High school. We had a good time. He's a great guy, great young athlete. So all these things and, you know, then you figure what are the odds that that happened, right? He then calls Vice President Kamala Harris a new fighter. Play the clip. I'll put a new one in. That's what we have here. Kamala is the new fighter. Who cares? He then accuses Vice President Kamala Harris of inventing a Southern accent in Atlanta, Georgia. Play the clip. In her speech in Atlanta last night, Kamala Harris even tried to outbrand a new Southern accent. Did you hear a new accent? If I ever did that, all of those people back there, look at them, look at all those cameras. That's so good. Oh, when I go through hell, I'd have a week of hell if I ever tried to do that. He then calls the leader of the Senate, Democrat Chuck Schumer, a Palestinian and someone who's with Hamas. That's how Donald Trump labels Chuck Schumer. Play the clip. Hell in the line, Chuck Schumer refused to shake the Israeli Prime Minister's hand. Chuck Schumer has become a Palestinian. Yes, can you believe it? He's become a proud member of Hamas. Nancy Pelosi likewise denounced the speech in shameful terms. Pretty pathetic stuff there. Then Donald Trump just rambles on about telling rich people that made some he doesn't like, that they want him to take over telephone companies. Here, play the clip. Dollars, they want to call them up and they want to deal with her. And I didn't deal like that. I never dealt like that. I didn't need the money. I said, no, I don't want to do that. I told a lot of guys that I like and some guys that I don't like, but very rich people. I just can't do that. I can't do it. They want to do the telephone systems. They want to do lots of little things like that. We'd like to take over the telephone system of the United States. I'm sorry, I can't do that. But unlike her, I cannot be bought and I cannot be controlled. I have no interest in that. He then says the reason that he loses is because Democrats cheat, play the clip. Whatever you do, you have to vote and make sure your ballot counts. Because these people cheat, they cheat like dogs. He then asks the crowd if they like red meat. Weird, play the clip. Does anybody, would anybody like to keep red meat? Raise your hand. Yeah. He then lies about crowd sizes in speeches that he gave many months ago. He lies about the size of the crowd size in New Jersey. He says it's like 107,000 people. It was like under 10,000 people. He lies about the crowd sizes in the Bronx. Lies about everything, play the clip. But we're not giving up the outdoor rallies. You know, all those people that we had to turn away today at an outdoor rally, you can have, we had 107,000 people show up in New Jersey. 107,000. But you know, in the South Bronx, we had 25,000 people. It was like a love for South Bronx, tough. Then Donald Trump praises the crowd size on January 6th. And then the group of insurrectionists who stormed the Capitol, play the clip. And what you never see is the crowd. The crowd was, it was the largest crowd I've ever spoken before. And a small portion walked peacefully and patriotically down to the Capitol. You remember the term? Peacefully and patriotically. He's horrible. It's insurrection. You know, if you have an insurrection, you don't say peacefully and patriotically, right Mike? You say, let's go. Now. Trump then talks about how he's been accused of throwing hamburgers on the wall. Play the clip. And then I went back to the White House and I started throwing hamburgers at the wall. This is the story of this person. So they went to the Secret Service, they found out it was all bullshit. Donald Trump then lies and says the January 6th committee's destroying all their evidence or has destroyed all of their evidence. That's false. It's all archived on Google. You can literally search the January 6th committee archive and see the depositions and testimony. It's all there publicly, but Donald Trump's gonna, Donald Trump, meaning he's just gonna go out there and lie. Play the clip. Ooh. They're trying to delete everything she said. Hey, did you ever see the unselect committee? The unselect committee on January 6th, did you see where they went and deleted and destroyed all evidence, was deleted and destroyed? So I think Dan, you and all of my friends here, they should be indicted for that. They destroyed evidence. You know why? Because the evidence showed that we were innocent. The evidence showed that Nancy Pelosi should have had protection at the Capitol that I offered her and they turned it down. The evidence showed that all these stories were fake. He then attacks President Biden for calling Pennsylvania a state. And then Donald Trump shortly thereafter calls Pennsylvania a state instead of a commonwealth. Play the clip. And Pennsylvania, your beautiful commonwealth. It's always good when you remember it's a commonwealth. He would call it a state often. Remember when Biden used, I used to love this guy because you were on pins and needles watching him speak. If they get in, your state is screwed. You guys are screwed. Then throughout the speech, Donald Trump was praising his lawyer or spokesperson, Alina Habba. And Alina Habba was the person who spoke before Donald Trump. And when she gave her speech, she in very racist terms said the following about Vice President Kamala Harris. Play the clip. I am a strong woman, a mom, a lawyer and an American. And unlike you Kamala, I know who my roots are. I know where I come from. And I don't play around with the constitution. And this is par for the course for Alina Habba and Trump surrogates. Here is what Alina Habba did. And this is the first time that I've ever seen a Trump surrogates. Here is what Alina Habba said about the district attorney in Fulton County, Fawny Willis. Just intentionally saying the name wrong. Play the clip. What do you think it means for whether or not he will decide to remove Fawny Willis from this case? What does your gut tell you on this Alina? I don't think it's indicative necessarily of his actions in terms of Fanny. I think that Fanny, Fawny, whatever she calls herself, she's got her own issues that are outside of this case that clearly have permeated her decision-making ability. By the way, we created this Venn diagram at the Midas Touch Network just to help Maggots understand things. Vice President Kamala Harris has an Indian mother and Jamaican father. And Donald Trump, if you look at the Venn diagram, is both a rapist and a fraudster. I wanna show you this as well. One of Donald Trump's top surrogates also posted the following. So when we say they're weird, this is the kind of stuff that we're talking about. Donald Trump's top surrogate, Laura Loomer, says, "'Donald Trump lifted the ban on blacks and Jews "'coming to country clubs in Palm Beach, Florida. "'He also has a Fulton County mugshot, "'his own sneaker line and three baby mamas. "'Trump is blacker than Kamala Harris will ever be.'" This is a profoundly weird and disturbing movement. That's why I said, I don't care what political party you're from, this MAGA thing is different. That ain't conservative or Republican. Strange, weird, dangerous, profoundly weird. Hit subscribe, let's get to three million subscribers together, thank you so much for watching. Hit subscribe. Love this video? Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at MidasTouch.com slash newsletter.