 Now Pennsylvania continues to show it is one of the most important states in the upcoming presidential election. Both campaigns will be in town once again today. President Joe Biden is headlining the Philadelphia Democratic Party's get out the vote dinner tonight in South Philadelphia. Earlier in the day, First Lady Doctor Jill Biden will participate in a political event in Chester County going to the Republican side GOP vice presidential candidate JD Vance will also be in the area today he's hosting a roundtable event at the Union League, Liberty Hill and Lafayette Hill this evening. And these visits come as Vice President Kamala Harris visited Erie PA last night while former President Donald Trump spoke to a crowd of local supporters in Oaks. Action is reporter Catherine Scott is joining us live from the Greater Philadelphia Expo Center where that rally was held and she's got more details. Good morning. That's right, Tam, just weeks away from the election. The polls are close and former President Trump was back in our area last night trying to woo voters. You know we win Pennsylvania. We win the whole. Every country respected us four years ago. We were energy independent. We had everything with the greatest economy in the history of our country. We're going to bring it back bigger, better and stronger than ever before. Go and vote. Former President Donald Trump at the Greater Philadelphia Expo Center in Oaks last night for a town hall. He took questions from the crowd for about 90 minutes with South Carolina's Senator Kristi Noem serving as moderator. The Trump campaign estimated 5 to 6000 people were here for this event. The former president said it was hot in the room and twice during the night, doctors tended to medical emergencies. You could see the crowd fanning. Trump stopped taking questions during those times requesting Ave Maria be played the first time an instrumental version came on. And during the second emergency, Trump specified he actually meant Pavarotti's version, so that came on. Then the polls are close and the Republicans and the Democrats have spent a lot of time, money and energy in Pennsylvania trying to get the state to swing their way. Throughout the town hall, the border and immigration were brought up multiple times. Top issue safety, world peace. Immigration has scared me. I travel for work. I've seen a lot of these cities as I travel. I just feel it's not as safe as it used to be. I want the borders closed. I want the American people first help for small businesses, you know? Why is that important to you? Because I'm a business owner. The number one issue for me is we gotta protect our homeland. We gotta protect our borders. Key to where we are today as a country. We don't let anybody just walk through our homes. We shouldn't let anybody walk through into our country. And before this event, workers were out registering voters. Just another sign of how important Pennsylvania is to this election into these campaigns. We're live in Oaks. Catherine Scott Channel 6 Action News, Matt. Thank you Catherine. Vice President Kamala Harris campaigned in Western Pennsylvania yesterday. She rallied voters in Erie, telling the crowd the region is one of the most influential in presidential elections with the vote in Erie County, often predicting the national result. Harris also touched on some hot topics of this year's race like abortion. Because ours is a fight for the future. And it is a fight for freedom. Like the fundamental freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body. Harris will return to the Keystone state tomorrow for a campaign event in Philadelphia. Gwen Walls, the wife of Vice Presidential candidate Tim Walls, was in Wayne, Delaware County yesterday, stumping votes for the Democratic ticket. The final Pennsylvania Senate debate between Democrat Bob Casey and Republican Dave McCormick happens live tonight on 6 ABC. Charlie Williams and I will moderate along with Univision 65's Ilya Garcia. Our coverage begins at 7 o'clock on air and wherever you get your streaming content.