 So we are here live in But we are at the end of the morning or even earlier s they were here until nine the line. I'm here with A are you doing today? Nice too. So what made you come Trump rally? I've always w person, see a trump rally he has to say what he sta first rally? This is my f rally is in Butler P. A w would you do that? Because think he wants to make Am and I think he's for the the money. He just loves o I think. So what are you So are you gonna be yelli up and down? How do you t be in this first rally? U I'm still tired. We just energized. But was it wor it? And are you going to what's going on? Yes, bec a hat. So I have to get y else you want to say to t are on the fence that ar on CNN and mainstream mea So when you hear he's a r know all the bad things, and you'll find out the t you so excited? Why are y for this event? That's a this year. He needs to ge to what it was. Were you rally? I was not. I miss several others. I like th give you a lot of good in information. But I'm sayi happened last time. All t about it. I told her to g did. And are you going to or what's going on? Yeah, you can get. Yeah. So um you got the trump shirt, hat, all that. So like, d last time or how did so money of his own. He can' and he loves our country. So let me ask you a hard him talk about, you know very direct and forward a you because a lot of peop side of the spectrum, the they say that it bothers you? Um I can't say being because I'm pretty much t know exactly where you st better way or a smoother you know where you stand one of these, he's gonna and do something else ove have anything else to add is might be on the fence vote for? Take a look at is it better under the de we've had for the last 12 better under trump and we years. That's a mic drop you were going farm to fa people. Why is it so impo people to vote, especiall of this election? Amish f of this election? Amish f conservative, their quali everything to them. Pro l and they don't want any t They're just all in for t are. How did you get into farm to farm to see how m get involved in that? Was known any Amish people? H I just saw them occasionally our local markets and I g to them for emergency room and they also provide tran different connections. We me if I would go register turned 18 year olds. So I have registered over 40 b and some of their family registered. Wow. Do you h that may be seeing this? about this? Do you have a to uh to people in regard to register and I've had tell me that their one vo one vote will count. And happen to see this or if y Amish family or you have will go to them and regis me on twitter one more ti again. My name is Tricia Amish and register them. I appreciate your time. Th I love what you're doing. I'm from the outer banks, and we came up here. My b produced a song uh, go to turnout here is amazing a say it. I know you've alre just get goosebumps being this has got to happen. T on the outer banks were h the costs down there are roof, there's not enough so much that needs to hap get our gas prices down. excited to be here. And u who is undecided who they election? Well, they need know it's said all the ti years. But I think that y I look at gas prices beca on that. And if I'm savin 50 a gallon, that's groci what I'm looking at what ago. And we know Trump is about, look, he's a great here going through this, he's doing it because he l and I love the fact that h that. Awesome. And do you that you want to tell the Yes, we need more help in to go next week myself wi we weren't hurt on the ot got a lot of organizations Hawke Kites is out there, all I can say is people r down there. It's very ser you have a good day. Yes, So we're here live in But PA at the Trump rally, his an appearance here in But it very easy for you. If why you're here, what you Bucks County just outside to cut off for Pennsylvania everybody get registered t country to save and I'm j time drove out last night drive to help save this co about this mission of get to save America? Well, I that we have a duty to vo who best align with our v we're losing our country bit by little bit by litt be too much if we don't s out just volunteering and state of Pennsylvania at at different fairs doing voter registration because young people engaged into vote is so many people fe doesn't matter because it individual who is undecided who to vote for. Um, what if their life was better do they want to own a ho they want to buy groceries family that serve this co want them to vote? Did the especially women what we w the right to vote. And so any women and they were o vote for specifically bec candidate in Kamala Harris to anybody like that? I h people that simply didn't president trump, but they enough to know that espec other side with regard to trans changing and the in that. And I think that's school indoctrination. It' family. Um, I think that' So there are women that a realization that personale saving the country and sa especially with trafficking as long as they get the j feel? That's correct. I m General MacArthur, but th a tough guy. We need a t