 Well, 22 days to go until Election Day, and the stock market hit another record high day, with the Dow closing above 43,000 for the first time in history, something Donald Trump said could never happen with Joe Biden in the White House. Nearly 5 million Americans have already cast their ballots in this election. They've casted those voted early in person or by mail. Tonight, Kamala Harris and Donald Trump both held campaign events in Pennsylvania, in Erie, Pennsylvania. Her seventh visit to the western part of the state, Kamala Harris, used Donald Trump's own words to prosecute him. After all these years, we know who Donald Trump is. He is someone who will stop at nothing to claim power for himself. And you don't have to take my word for it. I've said for a while now, watch his rallies. Listen to his words. He tells us who he is. And he tells us what he would do if he is elected president. So here tonight, I will show you one example of Donald Trump's worldview and intentions. Please roll the clip. The worst people are the enemies from within. The enemy from within. Those people are more dangerous, the enemy from within, than Russia and China. These people should be put in jail the way they talk about our judges and our justices. Now, if you had one really violent day, one rough hour, and I mean real rough, I think the bigger problem are the people from within. We have some very bad people. We have some sick people, radical left lunatics. And I think they're the best. And it should be very easily handled by, if necessary, by a national guard or if really necessary, by the military. So you heard his words. You heard his words coming from him. He's talking about the enemy within Pennsylvania. He's talking about the enemy within our country, Pennsylvania. He's talking about that he considers anyone who doesn't support him or who will not bend to his will an enemy of our country. It's a serious issue. He's saying that he would use the military to go after them. Think about this. And we know who he would target. And we know who he would target because he has attacked them before. Journalists whose stories he doesn't like. Election officials who refuse to cheat by filling extra votes and finding extra votes for him. Judges who insist on following the law instead of bending to his will. This is among the reasons I believe so strongly that a second Trump term would be a huge risk for America and dangerous. Donald Trump. Donald Trump is increasingly unstable and unhinged. And he is out for unchecked power. That's what he's looking for. He wants to send the military after American citizens. He has worked to prevent women from making their own health care decisions and threaten your fundamental freedoms and rights like the freedom to vote, the freedom to be safe from gun violence, the freedom to breathe clean air and drink clean water, the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride. So here in Pennsylvania, I say to those who know best when freedom is on the line, Americans always answer the call. We always answer the call. And in this election. Vote. Vote. Vote Vote. Vote. Vote. Vote. Vote. Vote. And so to your point in this election, we will answer the call again. Vice President Harris is being more aggressive in questioning 78 year old Donald Trump's mental fitness for president for another four years. Over the weekend, Kamala Harris released a summary of her medical records revealing that she is quote, in excellent health and adding quote, she possesses the physical and mental resiliency required to successfully execute the duties of the presidency to include those as chief executive head of state and commander in chief. In North Carolina yesterday, Kamala Harris said this. He's not being transparent with the voters. He's not being transparent. So check this out. He refuses to release his medical records. I've done it. Every other presidential camp, every other presidential candidate in modern era has done it. He is unwilling to do a 60 minutes interview. Like every other major party candidate has done for more than half a century. He is unwilling to meet for a second debate. And here's the thing. Here's the thing. It makes you wonder. It makes you wonder, why does his staff want him to hide away? One last question. One last question. Are they afraid that people will see that he is too weak and unstable to lead America? Is that what's going on? Today with the stock market hitting a new record high, the Harris campaign highlighted a survey of economists in the Wall Street Journal who agreed that Donald Trump's policies would drive up prices, interest rates, and the national debt while hurting manufacturing jobs. That survey says of the 50 economists who responded to the survey's question on inflation, 68% said prices would rise faster under Trump than under Harris. 61% of economists saw interest rates being higher under a hypothetical President Trump than under Harris. The Journal's survey asked economists how Trump's proposed broad-based tariffs would affect domestic manufacturing employment of the 44 economists who responded. 59% said employment would be lower. Before her rally tonight, Vice President Harris visited a local black-owned small business for a conversation with black men from the Erie, Pennsylvania area after visiting with black farmers ahead of her remarks in North Carolina yesterday. In an interview today, Vice President Harris said this. Black men are no different from anybody else. They expect that you have to earn their vote. And that's why I'm out here doing the work that I'm doing about talking with folks, listening with folks, because I'm running for President of the United States. And it is incumbent on me to earn the support. And that is why I'm talking with folks about the work that I have done in my career, whether it be in particular as Vice President, what I've done to put more billions of dollars, actually, into community banks to increase access to capital for small business owners. Even before I was running for President, I convened a bunch of black small business owners, all who were men. And I purposely convened them. I brought them into my ceremonial office at the White House to have a meeting about what their needs are and to make sure that they have the information about what's available to them in terms of financing capital and access to capital, support for what they want to do in terms of building or growing their business. Thank you.