 In the race for the White House now, both Vice President Harris and former President Trump are focusing on the key swing state of Pennsylvania this weekend as Democrats get set to kick off their convention in Chicago on Monday. Jay O'Brien joins me live now from Chicago where the DNC is set to take place. Perry Russum is in Washington. Guys, thank you both for joining us here on ABC News Live. Jay, let's start with you. Harris is riding a big wave of momentum to the Democratic DNC there. What will you be watching for as things get underway here? We'll look for party unity, Gio. I mean, remember, this is only a weeks-old campaign. Former, or excuse me, President Biden only dropped that out of the race less than a month ago. He will speak on night one of the DNC on Monday and then kind of pass the baton off to the Vice President. So watch for, not just in those remarks at the podium, that the President will kick off and then the other remarks of the other speakers, but also watch from what you hear from folks down here on the floor about party unity, about how they feel they have coalesced, a lot of Democrats say, around Harris, obviously, hurtling towards November. And Perry, it used to be that the opposing party would see the spotlight during the others' convention. That's no longer the case, right? So what will President Trump be doing during the DNC? Yeah, so early on, it looks like he's going to be focusing on Pennsylvania. He is in Wilkes-Barre today and then York, Pennsylvania on Monday at the start of the DNC in Chicago. And in York, Pennsylvania is going to be talking about the economy. It's a very important state for him in November. He won in 2016, narrowly lost in 2020. Looking at some polling that came out this week from Quinnipiac University, looking at likely voters in Pennsylvania, Harris is up by three points, so there's some work for him to do there, Gio. And Jay, Harris is getting some good polling this morning in the Sunbelt states. So what does it tell us? What do these numbers say? Yeah, this is a New York Times-Ciena College poll. It ticks through a number of those Sunbelt states. The three states to keep an eye on out of this are North Carolina, where Harris has a narrow lead over Trump by about two points, and then, of course, Arizona, where Harris is up by five, that New York Times-Ciena College poll shows, and then Nevada, where it's got Trump up by a few points. Those leads are largely within the margin of error. It's a sign of how close this race is, but it's also a demonstration of the fact that these are states where there were serious concerns that a Joe Biden candidacy would sag down the ticket and not just lose to Trump potentially in some of those swing states, but also maybe drag down more down-ballot races of Congress and Senate, et cetera. There's a very high-stakes Senate race playing out in Arizona this cycle, too. And so point being, it's a demonstration of one of the things that Democrats say they really wanted out of a Harris candidacy, which is someone who could inject a new sense of optimism and a new sense of momentum into this party. That's exactly what we're likely to see on display here at the DNC starting Monday. It is so interesting to see how this race has changed. And Perry, Trump has been taking some heat, of course, for comments that he made this week about the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Let's go ahead and take a listen to this. The highest award you can get is a civilian. It's the equivalent of the Congressional Medal of Honor, but civilian version. It's actually much better because everyone gets the Congressional Medal of Honor that soldiers, they're either in very bad shape because they've been hit so many times by bullets or they're dead. And now, Perry, the Trump campaign is defending those remarks. Yeah, right. His candidate for Vice President, J.D. Vance, was asked about that yesterday, saying he wasn't trying to downplay that award that goes to soldiers. He was just trying to give somebody a compliment. But this is a trend that we see with former President Trump, where he has these long-winded remarks where he goes off script and then says something that doesn't really sit right and then somebody has to clean it up the next day. But as Trump has said, he is who he is, and this is how he's going to be talking to voters, Gio. All right, Perry Russum there in D.C. Jay O'Brien in Chicago. Thank you so much for that. And the Democratic National Convention kicks off on Monday. We're forced to provide full coverage right here on ABC News Live all day long. And be sure to tune in to the ABC News Presidential Debate, the first between Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump, September 10th, right here on ABC News Live.