 It continues live from New York City on a Friday afternoon. I'm Donald McShane. Vice President Harris has focused her campaign today on Pennsylvania, which is not much of a surprise, but her strategy is worth looking at. She's trying to convince voters in areas where Donald Trump's pretty popular to vote for her, at least cut into his margins. The state's expected to be so close that the slightest change from last time could really make a difference. Let's take a look at it once again on our decision desk HQ forecast map. We do all kinds of scenarios here where we play around with Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin. And a lot of times, when we're filling in these seven states, it comes down to Pennsylvania. But if you go back and dig into the state from the past elections, we know Pennsylvania is close, right? We talked, you know, you got to turn them out. The Philly suburbs and the Democrats do well. Cities like Pittsburgh, cities like Philadelphia, Republicans, the rest of the state's red. We know all of these trends. What about the specific counties and where these candidates are going to attack? Now, I talk about the I call them ping pong counties a lot, like Erie County up in the Northwest. There's two in Pennsylvania that went twice for Obama, then went for Trump, and then Biden got him back. And there's other one. There's one other of that, you know, literal ping pong counties, Northampton right here in the northeast part of the state. I think Eastern Pennsylvania. I've talked about this before. I spent a lot of time in Northampton County. My daughter goes to Lafayette College, play soccer there. We go watch her play. She's there this weekend. So I know Northampton County very well. It's a ping pong county. In other words, Biden got it back in 2020 after it went for Trump. But then there's these other counties that have been kind of trending to the red. And one of them, and this is where the vice president is going on her way right now, is Luzerne County. Here it is. We just highlighted it. See it there? A red county right next door, by the way, to Lackawanna County. That's where President Biden is from in Scranton. Luzerne is Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. And this one has been getting more and more red, but Trump did better in 16 than he did in 20. See 58-3, 56-7. So if you're Harris, you think about margins. You think about not winning in places like this, but doing better in places like this than Democrats have been doing in recent elections. This used to be a Democratic area. I mean, Obama won it. Democrats won. But now it's been trending Trump. Now, it's our lucky day because our lead correspondent who covers the Harris campaign for us, she happens to be from Luzerne County. There she is. News Nation's Kelly Meyer joins us now. You didn't get to go to Luzerne today. But by the way, first, I want to talk to you about why Harris is there. But I need to know right off the bat, I've been there so many times for politics, Wilkes-Barre, Wilkes-Barre or Wilkes-Barre. Pick one. I honestly say it a few different ways, too, Connell. I know we were talking about this earlier when we were texting. I think I say Wilkes-Barre, most of all. I think Wilkes-Barre. I think that's the one to go with. You got to pick one. You can't let people set the state. It's the only place I know where there's three acceptable pronunciations. Anyway, Harris is going there today. We'll go with Wilkes-Barre. Wilkes-Barre, she's going. And it is like I was talking about the numbers on it, but why is she there specifically, do you think? And you know the area. So what's at stake there, Luzerne County, for Harris and Trump? Yeah. Yeah. I got to say, I was wondering when she was going to go to Luzerne County. We saw that former President Trump was there just a couple weeks ago, August 17th, in Wilkes-Barre. So I was wondering when she might stop by there, too. And she is stopping by not only Luzerne County, but Cambria County earlier today. And as you mentioned, Connell, rightly, that these are counties that Trump won in 2020 and 2016, both of them, but have previously gone for Obama, I believe Cambria County, in 2008. And then Luzerne County, I think it was 2012 and 2008. So she sees that there could be a pattern for her to pick up these counties. And when I was home recently, you see signs from one house on one side. It's Trump sign. Next door, you could see Harris. And then I was saying this to Chris Stierwald. Another sign could say Wu-Tang forever. Presidents are temporary Wu-Tangs forever. So there's all different types of voters in Wilkes-Barre. What I love most of all about Wilkes-Barre voters is that they are the kindest people. I'm from there. And you know, you can have someone that says, hey, I have your casserole dish. And you know, they might be voting for Trump. You might be voting for Harris. But everybody gets along and can talk about this. And I think there's just such a mix of so many different opinions. But at the end of the day, they all can talk about it and get along. And that's what I love about my community. And they can have a beer and talk about it, a piece of pizza, a pizza pie, and all get along. You should love it. You should be proud of it. And that is a really good point, because I remember that from the last election. You don't see that everywhere. Usually you drive through an area, a rural area. You see all the Trump signs. And then, you know, more inner-city area, suburban area, see more blue signs. But I do remember that. One house to the next, they change. Now, the other thing about this state today that I think is interesting, we're going to talk about this a little bit later in more detail, is the Senate races, because Casey, the Democratic senators, is in a tough race. And he's with Harris today, right? He'll be going to this next event in your hometown. Yeah. He is. And I also thought it was interesting. He wasn't there at the debate on Thursday or on Tuesday night in Philadelphia. Governor Josh Shapiro was there. And I asked him about her chances in Pennsylvania. And he said, with the debate on Tuesday, it improved her chances of winning over Pennsylvania voters. I asked just how she was going to do that. And Bob Casey has a tough race as well. He's been senator there for quite a while. And it's interesting who he's going up against, Dave McCormick. He was up in trying to run last time. And it was that Dr. Oz that beat him out. And eventually that he failed when it went up against Federman. So now they're running him again. And he's doing pretty well against Bob Casey. So Bob Casey will be there in Wilkes-Barre. He's from Scranton. Shapiro will be there tonight. So Bob Casey's still ahead. And he has quite a, you know, he's a veteran on Capitol Hill. I've interviewed him a bunch of times, meaning a veteran that he's been there a while. And so I think he will be safe there. But it is a tight race. And it's even tighter race when it comes to the presidential. I think it's a 0.4 percentage point average for Harris and Trump. But as you hit on Connell, these counties are so important. And for her to make sure she's deploying the strategy that Federman did in 2022 when we were with him, he made sure to visit these counties like she is now to make sure she's making, to know those, to tell those voters that she's not taking them for granted, making sure that she could talk to these swing voters. It paid off for Federman and she wants to see it pay off for her because it could come down to these very counties in November to see who makes it back to this place behind me come next year. No, it's true because even Biden, he didn't win that county, Luzerne County, but he did better than Hillary did. So these little margins matter. All right. You've made Wilkes-Barre, you've made Luzerne County very proud, Kelly Meyer. So thank you. We appreciate it. From Washington, D.C. today.