 Now we've got the governor of Pennsylvania, Josh Shapiro. Thank you so much for joining me today. Great to be here in the studio. In the studio. So I want to start off with a little bit of breaking news here, and that is that Donald Trump, who frames himself as the leader of the party of the military, he was just rebuked by the army, an almost unprecedented rebuke here by the US army, after an altercation broke out at Arlington because he was trying to use his visit there as a photo op and there was some shoving that ensued. What do you make of that? Especially, like I said, from somebody who purports to be the leader of the party of the military. Look, I think it's more of the same from Donald Trump, someone who doesn't show the kind of respect to the military that our men and women in uniform deserve. It's just another example of him making it about himself as opposed to the service and sacrifice, in this case, true sacrifice of others. This is what I think many people have come to expect of Donald Trump. It's more of the same, sadly. As we look toward November, your state, Pennsylvania, has become the closest polling state of all of the blue wall state. So it's closer than Michigan, it's closer than Wisconsin, and that isn't usually how we would think of PA. We would think of PA as a closer state than what we would think of Wisconsin as, which is usually the tipping point state. So how did we get to this point right here in PA, where there is such a precarious position for Democrats? And then I guess more importantly, how do we get Democrats over the finish line? This may actually be the one issue Kamala Harris and Donald Trump agree on, that Pennsylvania will determine who the next president is. And as you correctly stated, I think polls have been a little bit all over the place, but in effect, we have a tide race. I think that's the basic sentiment. Pennsylvania is a wonderful, wonderful state and an incredibly complex state to win in, and of course, to govern in. I couldn't be more proud to serve as the governor and to have earned the votes, not just of Democrats, but Republicans and independents as well who propelled me to victory each time I've run for office. I think in this case, if you think of it in football terms, everybody's marched 49 yards down their side of the field. That last yard and a half to get to the other side is hard. Here's why I'm optimistic right now. Kamala Harris is making clear that she gets how to win Pennsylvania. Let me give you just one example of that. The week before the DNC, she came to Pennsylvania and she didn't go to Philly or Pittsburgh. And let me be really clear. I love Philly and Pittsburgh and they're an incredibly important part of our Commonwealth. She went to a county you've probably never heard of, Beaver County, in the southwestern corner of our state. Kind of think the wedge between Ohio and West Virginia in that area. The liberal bastion. But this rural community appreciates when people respect them and they show up in their neighborhoods. And there she came to talk about cutting costs. She came to talk about economic challenges and what a Harris administration would do to improve their lives. That tells me that she understands, yeah, it's going to be hard to get that last yard and a half, but she's doing the right things to be able to do that. It's a tough state. It's a wonderful state. And I'm really optimistic. I think Kamala Harris has the momentum and is moving in the right direction and showing signs that she clearly understands how to campaign in our Commonwealth. One thing that that brings to mind is the fact that Kamala Harris and Tim will also are opening up field offices across the state. And I believe there are more than a dozen in Pennsylvania thus far. Way more. And so if you contrast that to what Donald Trump has opened up in PA, where I think it was just less than where you can count on one hand, where is all the money going in the Trump campaign? And can you talk about the fact that we are seeing such a disparity in the actual ground game between the two campaigns? Look, I don't know what the hell Donald Trump's doing with his money. And I've seen some nice nice handbags that Alina Haber is walking around with. They're selling Bibles or whatever to. Bibles and a sea shoes. And look, I mean, we can make light of it. He's got some intensity behind his campaign. But what I've seen over the last four or five weeks with Kamala Harris is just extraordinary energy. People who were likely going to vote for Joe Biden are now not only voting for Kamala Harris, but they're also taking lawn signs, putting them on their lawn. They're signing up for shifts to make calls and send texts and knock on doors. That matters in a campaign when you've got people enthusiastic to support you. Look, the other thing that's really key in our Commonwealth is not just winning the votes of people of your own party, but winning independence and winning people who are like minded in the other party. And you're seeing more and more enthusiasm and you see it show up at these neighborhood offices that Kamala Harris has put in place where they're showing up not just to take a shift, but also showing up and saying, hey, listen, I'm not a registered Democrat, but I still want to be part of this campaign. There's a meaningful enthusiasm out there for her. And I think one quote that kind of puts that on full display, I believe it was Jeff Duncan, the former lieutenant governor of Georgia at the DNC, who said voting for Kamala Harris doesn't make you a Democrat. It makes you a patriot. And so that kind of gives a permission structure for these non Democrats to know that it is okay, even for something like political affiliation, which for a lot of people in this country is so closely aligned with their identity. You need something to give them a permission structure to know that like, even if you voted for Republicans your entire life, that it's okay. It doesn't rip away some part of you to cast your ballot for a Democrat. This election cycle, you know, when I was waiting to give my speech at the DNC, they had us in like whatever the green room or the back room or whatever you want to call it. And Jeff had just finished his speech and he was coming in there to decompress for a second before he went back out. And I'll tell you what I told him, I thought what he did was really honorable that he put country first, that he stood as a patriot. And listen, I'm sure there's some things that we would disagree on policy wise. But I think what most Americans feel is a deep commitment to this country and a desire to do right by this country, even if we disagree on health care policy, tax policy, whatever you name it. You know, we have in Pennsylvania, a unique, you know, commitment to furthering our democracy because it started there 248 years ago. And throughout every chapter in our American story, when we have been tested, we've put our country first, we've put our patriotic tendencies first. And I think what you're seeing more and more, whether it's from Lieutenant Governor Jeff Duncan, whether it's from registered Republicans or independents, people who might not normally support a Democrat, they're coming together saying it's time to put our country first. It's time to honor the work that was done by our ancestors over the last 248 years to expand and protect our freedoms, not rip them away and to stand up for decency and honor. And that is what I think you're seeing throughout this country. Gov. JD Vance is having a tough time out there. Yeah. I want to know what your thoughts were. Let's, let's rate this on a scale from one to 10. His first interaction with another human being at that donut shop. Oh my lord. What do you say? First of all, what the hell's the matter? You can't just order a donut? Like what are you doing? You didn't think that him auditing the employment history of each, each one of the employees was the right move. Also, have you ever met another person who doesn't know what kind of donut they like? Right? Yeah. People love their donuts and they're fervent about their particular donut. They like to sprinkles. They don't. They like chocolate. They like glazed. Walk in, order your donut. And by the way, if you're ordering donuts for your staff and others, say I'd like a dozen. I want the chocolate sprinkled, but throw a bunch of others in there and I'll bring them back for my staff. And by the way, also terrible staff work. The fact that they didn't walk in there first. Walkers to what that, the significance of that, because I think a lot of people from, from the, from that perspective, don't realize how much of a fail that was, not only for JD Vance, who, who was able to fail onto himself, just a virtue of opening his mouth and existing, but also the campaign to walk into a shop that was, that was not only neutral on him, but kind of openly hostile to the, to the thought of him being there. Didn't want him there. Right. Just send somebody in and say, Hey, JD Vance, he's running for vice president. He'd like to come in and buy donuts. There's some cameras. Are you cool with that? Yeah. Like just a basic human decent thing to do. But I think what it showed beyond all that stuff behind the scenes is like, he's not a normal guy who can carry himself normally and have a normal conversation. And I'll tell you why that is because he's not being honest with himself every day. That guy goes out and parrots Trump's bullshit every day. He's living a lie. He doesn't believe it. And so when you're living this lie, when you're like acting out a part, and by the way, you're not a very good actor, you're going to have fails like what he had at the donut shop. That is why he's failing. That's why he's not connecting well with people because he can't connect well with himself. He's a pathetic guy. He's a weak guy. And it's clear Donald Trump is having a whole lot of buyer's remorse. Right. I mean, this is somebody who, for example, is, uh, is running on the ticket with somebody who he called America's Hitler. This is somebody who's doing apologia for, for a guy who, who is denying the biraciality of, of Kamala Harris while he himself has three biracial kids. Right. And, and listen, this isn't like three or four years ago. He expects, pardon me, expressed a different policy view than Donald Trump. They had different healthcare policy. This is like a core fundamental thing, but it goes back to what I'm saying before. And it's really serious. Like we should want our elected officials to be honest with us. Right. He's not being honest with us. He's not being honest with himself. He's a total poser. There was a moment this week where JD Vance was booed by firefighters. What does it say, um, about, about this ticket's working class appeal that even, even though he was endorsed by the leadership of the organization that he was speaking at, the rank and file were clearly hostile to his campaign. You know, I've been proud to be endorsed by firefighter unions in my campaigns. I'm so proud, uh, that they have my back and I have theirs in my office in Harrisburg and our state capital. I have a helmet that they gave me and I proudly display it there underneath the portrait of William Penn. It is that important to me because these are people who go out every single day and work hard to keep us safe. They quite literally run toward danger when everybody else runs away. Why do I share that with you? Because it's one thing to earn the support of the leader of an organization. But what I try and do, what I know Kamala Harris and others try and do is go out and also earn the support of the individuals in that organization. Don't just sort of accept the fact that the president of the group, you know, endorsed you. Go out and make sure those firefighters know you got their back. What are you going to do for them? How are you going to make sure that they have the equipment they need to be safe, that they have everything they need to be able to live, you know, full and wonderful and safe lives. He clearly doesn't care about them and they can sniff out bullshit, you know, with the best of them and they saw it. And that's why they reacted that way to him. I think it puts also on full display the extent to which this populist shtick might have worked in 2016 where Donald Trump, you know, gets into office under a wave of this pretense that he's going to do something. And yet when he has the opportunity to express power, he decides not to pass some comprehensive and less expensive health care plan, not to add jobs, not to pass the infrastructure law, not to pass a middle class tax cut, but use all of his political capital solely for a tax cut for millionaires and billionaires. That's it. And so now when he's doing the same thing again and pretending that he's going to be some working class champion, of course people don't believe him because we've already been here before. And yet you look at what Democrats have done with just their few years in power. It was Democrats who passed $35 insulin, $35 inhalers, immediate refunds for airline cancellations, eliminating junk fees at banks, rural broadband with the with the infrastructure law, brought back 800,000 manufacturing jobs. So on issue after issue after issue on all of the metrics, Democrats are actually showing that they're there to work for working class Americans while Republicans just do this shtick once every four years to get into office. And the shtick is getting old. Look, it's getting old when firefighters booed JD Vance, when a whole lot of folks realize the empty promises Donald Trump made back in 2015, 2016 never followed through on during his four years in the White House. When they hear him make those promises again, they kind of know their BS and they kind of know that it's empty. Now contrast that with how our party has been moving. And I've been proud to be one of the leaders in this effort. My first day in office, I signed an executive order doing away with the college degree requirement for 92% of state government jobs, opening up the doors of opportunity for people not based on an arbitrary degree requirement, but whether they did the skills in the military, in a trade union, you name it, to do the job, making sure that we're bringing VOTEC back to our classrooms, investing in union apprenticeship programs, making sure that middle class families keep more money in their pocket because we're cutting taxes along with all the other work that's being done at the federal level. If you look at the product of the work of Democrats in recent years, they're speaking to those folks in a way that I think, you know, frankly, we maybe weren't doing a few years ago, but we are doing now. And we're Donald Trump can't hold a candle to what we are doing every day because he is just full of empty promises that have quite literally raised costs for the middle class and made it harder for them to get ahead. Now, that those are just some elements of your GSD agenda. You're get shit done agenda. We can say that here. YouTube has no rules. We are not governed by the laws of linear TV. But I think one thing to put on full display was while you have Trump, who's openly hostile and whose project 2025 seeks to eliminate the Department of Education, you have what you've done in P.A. to bolster and protect education in your state. Can you speak on that a little bit? Listen, in Pennsylvania, we've known for decades that we have an unconstitutional education system for two reasons. One, it's underfunded and two, the funding we have wasn't being directed to the school districts that were most in need, the kids that needed it most. I'm the only governor in the whole country with a divided legislature. So for me to do anything, I need Republican votes and Democratic votes. And yet we were able to finally, after years and years and years of kicking the can down the road, I've been governor only a year and a half. We passed an education package that finally begins to address our unconstitutional system. More funding, historic funding over $11 billion, $1.1 billion more than last year. That's a huge amount of money going to our kids. And a brand new formula that drives those dollars out to the districts that need it most. That's massive change. And by the way, we did it on a bipartisan basis. That's going to make sure every child of God gets a shot. Every kid, no matter your zip code, is given that foundation so that they have the freedom to chart their own course and the opportunity to succeed. I'm really proud of that work we're doing in Pennsylvania. I think we're a model for the rest of the country. Why does it seem like Democrats don't get credit or why does it seem like Republicans have been able to co-op this idea of family values when in fact, like your agenda with education, it's Democrats, it's people like you who are actually protecting the foundations of our family and protecting the future of this country by helping kids where they need it most, which is education, which is making sure they're fed. I mean, Pennsylvania, you've also passed to make sure legislation makes sure that kids are fed in PA. Universal free breakfast. Universal free breakfast. Mental health counselors in our schools to make sure our kids' mental health is taken care of, which is just as important as our physical health. Listen, when the Republican Party decided to move away from the party of Reagan and Bush and Romney, by the way, people I had major differences with and instead adopt Trumpism, they gave up on any claim toward family values. And listen, I recognize family values is something that is kind of individually defined by a lot of people. You might have one view of it. I might have another. But if you just look point by point, data point by data point, it's Democrats who are making sure kids are getting fed. They're well educated. They have access to health care just to name three of those basic things. Democrats are the ones working on housing policy to make sure these kids have a safe roof over their head, addressing violence in their community, gun violence in particular in their schools and their neighborhoods. These are family values. And by the way, these are also issues of real freedom. You know, Republicans love to talk a good game about freedom, yet it's Democrats. It's what we're doing in Pennsylvania, the way we're leading on that, to provide real freedom so a kid gets a great quality education, a safe street to walk down, economic opportunity, the ability to marry who they love and worship where they want join a union if they'd like to be able to pursue their life on their own terms. That's real freedom. And that's what the Democratic Party is fighting for. And the day Donald Trump took over the Republican Party, they abdicated the ability to be able to speak to those issues in any kind of meaningful way. Yeah, it's really, really well said. One issue which stands in stark contrast to Republicans' professed agenda is that they have been openly hostile to IVF. Just recently, Donald Trump has come out and said that he's actually going to be a champion for IVF and he's actually expressed hostility toward the six-week abortion ban that his own policies facilitated. What does it say about the state of this race that this is the tack that he's taking now? Well, look, it's clearly where the vast majority of Americans are. Women should be able to make decisions over their own bodies. Couples should be able to start a family on their own terms. And if IVF is needed for that, then that is something that we need to protect and we need to make sure is available. Don't believe a word Donald Trump says about abortion or IVF. Remember, it was he who packed the Supreme Court so that they would overturn Roe v. Wade and it was he who ran to the microphones to claim credit for it. And now continues doing so. It continues so. And now that he is facing pressure from the American people, he's doing what he's always done when he faced that pressure, which is he dodges, he ducks and he lies. And that's what he's doing here. And let's finish off with this. And I'm not sure how this question got here, but are you enjoying your momentary rain as the best team in the NFC East while the Giants regain their footing? The birds are back, baby. I'm excited for the season. The Giants are not very good. And we're really optimistic in Philly. But you know what? I can I can live live back in my days of Eli glory and replay the past a little bit. There you go. Now, listen, I'm an Eagles fan, but don't sleep on the Steelers. They made some nice offseason moves. Russell Wilson, I think, is a veteran quarterback who can do good things. I'm looking at two strong football teams in Pennsylvania this year. Any any recommendations for for me as I head to fantasy draft this weekend? A whole lot of Eagles and Steelers in your fantasy draft. You'll be just fine. All right. All right. Governor Shapiro, thank you so much for taking the time. Hey, awesome to be with you. Thanks for using your platform to promote democracy and freedom. It really, really matters. We appreciate you.