 Ladies and gentlemen, American German Bulldog Nation, welcome to the Eric Dieter Show. Well Trump had a Pennsylvania rally yesterday and he held up the, not held up, but he had the girl that came out that prepared his big chart that he says saved his life and it was a rip roaring rally and he let come on, there is habit. Pennsylvania, the battleground. I can say this about Pennsylvania. I just can't fathom the average Jane and Joe Pennsylvanians ever buying the BS that comes from the Harris campaign. Like her changing her position on fracking. You trust her, she gets elected fracking. All right. Trump went to the black journals yesterday. He's caught, by the way, I hate to say it, he reminds me of myself in these situations because that's the way I would handle it. And he's just direct. He went into the lion's den. They thought they were going to get him. He turned it around. If I'm a black voter watching that, I'm more likely to vote for Trump. I'm not a black voter though. We'll see what they have to say. Trump says social security should not be taxed. How's that for all you senior citizen voters? Social security should not be taxed. UAW endorsed Harris, big deal. We knew that was going to come. Rank and file UAW members. We'll see what they do. All right. This is a tragedy. Three 9-11, including this guy, the mastermind, Sheikh Mohammed, they made a deal. They're not dying. Explain to me that this is an example of how terrible the legal court system is. These people are held for this long. And now they are, and I understand for a while, you know, torture their ass, get some information. Now these guys are not going to die. By the way, the 9-11 victims are not happy. Do you believe it? I heard today that it was an espionage case. Somebody's getting 15 years. Whatever happened to killing spies? We have no incentive to stop spying because of that shit. I get caught 15 years. Freedom Fest going to keep promoting this every show. Pager State Freedom Fest, September 13th through 15th. This is the flyer. Freeze the screen if you like. Check it out. All the information's on there. Young black voters are moving a little bit to Trump. Why wouldn't you? You know what? I think it's been a great thing in race relations that black voters are finally waking up to the Democrats. Nothing could be better for race relations than that. All right. Iran. Trump had crippled Iran. With his sanctions after Biden and, uh, uh, Obama helped him out. And now look what Iran is doing. Folks, how can you vote for this? She's a weird person. They're saying Donald Trump's weird. Cause he, you know, Shapiro, the governor of Pennsylvania said he was weird that he hugged the flag. Trump hugged the flag. I love that he fires back. She's a weird person. Kamala's anti-Catholic, according to Trump. But she's even worse for the Jews. He says, Kamala's face. I'm sorry. You know, I do a PG show. All right. But I'm going rated R to X on this one. So be warned, turn it off right now. But I had to say this when Kamala goes out there and says, tell it to my face. Tell act in all, tell by the way, that's going to blow up on her because Trump is playing dodgy, you know, and you watch how this is going to, Trump will destroy her in a debate. But anyway, I thought to myself, I wonder if she ever told come on, uh, Willie Brown to say it to her face and do that. Joe Biden open convention. He's going to open the convention. Old shuffles. Come out there. American prisoners release just happened. U S Russia prisoner swap. We're getting the wall street journal guy. And I forget the other guy that we're getting back. This is a bulldog. Every dog has her day. Do not be a mangled, lily livered, nut hook. Shakespeare install the day as chosen by Jamie Spindley, who I'd be three straight times today in chess.