 It's the top of the hour. Thank you so much for sticking with us. I'm Nicole Breli live at our News Nation headquarters in Chicago. And we begin this hour with both presidential campaigns, battleground bullets with just over three weeks until the election, starting in the all-important state of Pennsylvania. Vice President Harris is set to speak in Erie tonight, while former President Trump is holding a town hall in a suburb of Philadelphia. That state is, of course, crucial. It's a crucial battleground this election, as the race to the White House could come down to its 19 electoral college votes. Right now, the two candidates are locked in a dead heat in the Keystone State, Harris holding a slim lead of only seven-tenths of a percent. President Biden won the state in 2020 by just over one percentage point, and the swing county of Erie predicted not only Biden's victory last time around, but has also forecast every White House winner since 2008. So let's bring in News Nation's Kelly Meyer, who is live for us there in Erie, ahead of Harris's speech there tonight. So Kelly, what can we expect? Yeah, so if you were to look into a crystal ball for the state of Pennsylvania, you're going to look at it right here in Erie County, because as you mentioned there, Nicole, it has predicted who goes on to win the state and then on to the White House in the past few elections. So this is a county that both campaigns are fighting to win. We saw former President Trump just here two weeks ago, and we will see Vice President Harris here tonight. Now where we are here in downtown Erie, this area is generally democratic, and we went out to a diner in Waterford about 20 minutes from here, and that was a bit more Republican, a bit more Republican area, more Trump supporters out there. But tonight in her speech, she's expected to talk about early voting here in the state of Pennsylvania. She's also expected to make a stop by a black-owned small business in Erie as the campaign is announcing a new effort today to build support among black voters like promoting proposals that give black men more economic opportunities. Now while Trump is on the other side of the state, Harris is focusing on Erie County, as we said, this bellwether area, trying to win the state's 19 electoral votes, the most of any swing state. Our latest DDHQ and the Hill polling average for today, it has Harris leading with 48.7% and Trump with 48%. Now here's more on the top issues and how voters are feeling here in Erie County. Take a listen. Trump, I do. Pretty much I like the way he, maybe not all the things he says, you know what I mean? It's kind of rough, but he gets results. How's this county feeling about the election? They're ambivalent. It can go either way. People are scared. They don't, like I say, they don't want a felon to get back in there because we know he caused a insurrection and they're scared of a woman. And this county, much like the rest of the state of Pennsylvania, it could go either way. As that man just said, we talked with those voters at that diner here this morning. This really could go either way and that's reflected in the latest DDHQ polling there, Nicole. All right, so Kelly, we are seeing former presidents Clinton and Obama both hit the campaign trail for Harris. What are you hearing about our current president, President Biden? Yeah, News Nation is learning that they are expecting President Biden to jump on the campaign trail for Vice President Harris. We've seen it before earlier this summer as he jumped in the race, as he tapped her to take his place and pass the torch to her. But we really haven't seen much of him on the campaign trail since. So that's why we've been asking over at the White House and with the campaign on just when we might see President Biden do that. Now the details on that, they didn't have any of the specifics on when or where this might be, but just that this is in the works. But as you said, we are seeing former presidents Bill Clinton and former president Barack Obama. We saw him here in Pittsburgh just last week as he kicked off a battleground blitz. He's going to be heading to Arizona and Nevada later this weekend, this weekend. And Clinton we saw in Georgia today trying to talk with voters ahead of early voting there that starts tomorrow. He'll be heading to North Carolina as well later this week. So we know Harris is also kicking off her own battleground blitz. She's going to be hitting these blue wall states. In Pennsylvania today, she heads to Michigan tomorrow, then back to Pennsylvania, over to Wisconsin, and then ends the week in Michigan. She's focusing on these northern battleground states to try to put up a fight against former president Donald Trump. Nicole. All right. Kelly Meyer live for us there in Erie. Thank you. Thanks for watching. Go to joinnn.com to find News Nation on your screen. And don't forget to click the red subscribe button below to get more of News Nation's fact driven unbiased coverage.