 What's your name? Seth. Seth, I'm Raymond. Raymond, pleasure to meet you. So can I talk to you about everything you got going on here? I love it. You're working on two paintings at one time or what's going on? Well, this one's about 30% complete so far, this Elon Musk painting. I started that in... Can you show me? Can we walk over here? Let's go check it out. It's called Washington. So I started this in 2019. I put it away because I was afraid that Elon Musk was controlled opposition. And especially when he started releasing information about Neuralink. It is an older technology and they are trying to bring transhumanism in softly to people. So I can understand, you know, maybe you want the right person to do that. But once he bought Twitter, I pulled this painting back out and started working on it again. So I'm excited to pull it back out. I'm excited that he's here. I'm excited that he's working with Trump. I'm excited that he is on Team Humanity, you know? Wow. I love this. Me too. Me too. I love the energy of all this. I hope that Elon... Are you going to give this to Elon? I originally painted this to give to Elon back in 2019. I don't want anything for this. I just want to say thank you. And because, you know, there's reports that he may do a little pit stop here. I mean, that would be great. You know, I doubt he's going to see it. You know, he's going to be inside, but maybe it'll get out there on the interwebs and he'll see it. By the time I'm finished, it would be great to hand this off to him. You know, I'm not looking for anything but just saying, hey man, thank you so much. And I really, really hope that you're a good person deep down inside for humanity's sake. And I know he's got a lot of children and we all want a better future for our children, correct? Yes. So whether if you have children or not, you know, like... I do. So, I mean, yeah, I do. I have one child. So it's... To me, you know, I've lived my life. I partied. I did all the good stuff. I had all the great times, but the future generations are at stake here. In their minds, you know, with people like the World Economic Forum and you've all know Harari. You know, humans are now hackable animals. So what you put in your grocery cart, who you vote for in an election, free will is over. You know, that kind of rhetoric is garbage. You don't believe in humanity. There's no place for you here. So I hope Elon Trump, RFK Jr. is going to be the dream team to make us healthy again, man. Like bring healthy choices back. You know, I see even our organic food is being tested and they're finding lead and cadmium in it. You know, I think I'm doing the right thing by buying organic food. It's still poison. The air we're breathing with the geoengineering and the chemtrails, if you want to call it the conspiracy theory version. But you know, RFK Jr. made a comment, you know, say we're being poisoned by the air. Hey, man, I hope this is the tide turns. I hope team humanity gets bigger and bigger. And as I see here, look at this man. This is the energy for something like this. How many other, you know, politicians bring this kind of energy to the world? You know, who gets excited about this kind of stuff? I can't see anybody else. I don't see Kamala bringing this. I don't see Joe Biden bringing this. No, I don't. Can you tell me about this painting over here? Yes, sir. This is a painting I started last night. I brought it here to live paint. It's at about two or three percent complete so far. But once it's done, I would like to give this to President Trump as well, just to give him a show of gratitude. I tattoo full time. I paint just for, you know, kind of fun. Not for fun, but you know, just as a hobby. So I make all my money tattooing. It's easier for me to give a painting away than it is to celebrate anything. So I would love to give this to Donald Trump. Saying thank you and for, you know, I understand American is the last bastion of freedom, man. If America falls, the rest of the world falls. We saw that with the COVID injections with Operation Warp Speed. Unfortunately, that was under his administration. I know he didn't have much, you know, option doing what he did, but the whole world followed suit. So if America falls, what's going to happen to the whole world? This isn't just about America. This is about the world. So I want to say thank you. So what do you think about art in terms of freedom of speech and where art in freedom of speech lies right now in the current state of America? Well, life imitates art and art imitates life. And right now they're trying to limit our life, whether if it's speaking, whether if that's doing or whatever, within reason, you know, I mean, I believe this is America. You could do whatever you want with limitations of, you know, not harming people or not like offending children or being disgusting in that way. But I do believe art and comedy and music that is the engine driving these topics to the surface. You know, comedians, they can say what they want because they're just being funny, but they're sliding that truth in there. You know, I mean artwork. Yeah, it may be this, but there may be some subliminal truth slid into it. And I feel like that's important. We need more art. We need more music. We need more entertainment that has that kind of entity to it. You know, like people can use artwork to wake the world up. I love that if there's a young artist out there, an undecided voter who is an artist out there, what would you say to them in terms of who they should vote for if they're kind of like on the fence? Well, I know there's a lot of as they quoted misinformation and disinformation, but there you can find sources and facts. Don't just quote what the news tells you man. Like listen to the whole speech. Don't look at the clips. You know, there if you listen to and read documents rather than dismissing them as conspiracy theories, read the documents that the UN is putting out. Read the documents that Johns Hopkins is putting out that patents on weaponized nanotechnology. Don't just attack somebody for telling you. Hey man, you got to be careful about this. Hey man, did you see this? You know, you're you have your own mind. You have this beautiful brain. Use it, please. And you know, everybody's entitled to their own choice. You're human. I believe God gave all that to all of us. But you know, like welcome other people's ideas. Don't just shoot other people's ideas down. You know, you want to be heard. I want to hear you. I want to be heard. I want that same kind of grace. So be open-minded. Well, thank you so much. Did you have anything else to add? I love people. I love America. I love the world. They say America is racist and America is trash and America is this. I don't believe that at all. You know, I grew up in the 90s, you know, Jewish. Every Jewish kid wanted to grow up being black. Yeah. I mean, I grew up like listening to hip-hop. Yeah, seriously, man. So it's like this false narrative that's being pushed. Don't believe it. You know, people love each other. It doesn't matter color or where you're from or what you smell like or this or that. People are people. Everybody poops. So like, yeah, we're all in the same boat here. That's the headline right there. Everybody poops. Everybody poops. Just keep that in mind. So Raymond, I really appreciate this. Thank you so much. Thank you very much. I appreciate you, man. Where can I find you? You could find me mostly on Instagram at tatju77. Yo, I love the wordplay on that name. You said tatju? Tatju77 because I am a tattoo artist and I am a Jew, but that is my card. I don't know if you like covering up the Q-Art or the... You got it there? Yeah. Perfect. Oh, that's beautiful. What's that art on the back? This is, I'm a visionary artist. So I've actually been canceled pretty much from the visionary culture. What does that mean? Visionary artists, a lot of them take a lot of plant medicines and get in touch with themselves. I guess you could say. They're inner selves. They're inner selves. Okay, okay. We just want to clear it up. They're inner reflections and you try and paint those realms. So you can't take a camera on a DMT excursion or an Ayahuasca excursion. It's up to the artist to paint that visual reality. You know, like I said, you can't take a camera into that. So it was my duty as somebody who was taking plant medicines to report that. Well, I have been canceled from that whole culture from spreading patterns on weaponized nanotechnology, magnet affection, ivermectin. You name anything that's been pretty much like conspiracy theory that came true now as a conspiracy truth. I've been canceled for it. I'm no longer invited to art galleries, music festivals, tattoo conventions. I've been told that my magnetic antics make my artwork disgusting to look at. So, you know, I just hope that we can bring down these barriers whether if you don't like my ideas or the information that I bring to the table, we, you know, even though it's a patent that you really can't argue. You know, I'm still the same person I was before I put that information out. So, you know, look at the people don't shoot the messenger. So is that the reason why someone like former President Trump appeals to you because he has been canceled in a similar manner? Absolutely. I mean for someone to speak their mind and you don't really see that so much in a politician these days, you know, they're like, okay, they should all be having like the logos on them like race car drivers, you know, all the politicians. You know, whether if he accepts money or not, he's made of money prior to all this. He could be his own man and he says what he's what is on his mind and he's been consistent through the decades. So that's why he's got my vote. That's so awesome. Thank you so much. Yeah. Thank you so much. I appreciate that. Let's get a photo. A photo like in front of the painting here.