 Well, the polls are going back and forth like the final seconds of a close NBA game. Now Trump appears to be having momentum with many polls moving in his direction, but one state could be make or break for both campaigns, both candidates. We're talking about Pennsylvania, of course. Joining us now is Caroline Levitt, the Trump campaign national press secretary. Thank you so much for joining us again. Thanks for having me. Now, listen, we've been talking about this. The polls are all over the place, especially in Pennsylvania, which could be a make or break state for both candidates. Now in a memo obtained by NBC News, the Harris campaign kind of laying out their strategy right here, saying that we have flipped the suburbs from red to blue since Trump won them in 2020. We have also grown our support with women tripled and support among white college educated voters in that state. Now the strategy for Trump seems to be pretty obvious here to flood the market with visits. Now the former president has a number of stops in Pennsylvania over the weekend. In addition to that, he's being joined by Elon Musk on the trail as well in Pennsylvania. Is that your strategy here just to have them out and everywhere? I'm trying to connect with some of those suburban voters in some cases. Well, there's no question that the road back to the White House leaves right through the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. That's why President Trump is spending significant time there. And he's also spending time there because he loves Pennsylvania. He loves the people of Pennsylvania. He went to college in the state. So he has a long history with the Commonwealth. And the people of Pennsylvania were better off under President Trump's leadership than they are today. Inflation in Pennsylvania is actually higher than the national average. We've seen crime increase in inner cities in Pennsylvania, including Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. And President Trump is winning Pennsylvania right now in many of the battleground states because again, people in many of the battleground polls, rather, because people there realize their lives were better off under his leadership. So he's going to continue to visit Pennsylvania to make that case to the American people. I know you're also hitting up Michigan, which is also a crucial state as well today. Will this Trump campaign? That's right. Yeah. President Trump is on his way to Michigan shortly. He will be doing a big rally tonight in Detroit, and he'll also be visiting a campaign office in an Arab American community in which the mayor actually endorsed him. And it's a key point because we're seeing President Trump really cut in to the Democrat Party's base with Arab Americans, with union workers, with black voters and Hispanic voters. He's picking up historic gains, and it shows Kamala Harris is on defense with these supporters that have typically been key to the Democrat Party's electoral success. And I know I think you talked about the me of Ham Trammock endorsed the president of Trump. Yeah. Former President Trump. Now, seven million viewers. Let's talk about this Brit Bear interview. Seven million viewers watched Kamala Harris on Fox News. There are some moments that are going viral, but this right here is getting a lot of play. Listen to it. So you're not Joe Biden. You're not Donald Trump, but nothing comes to mind that you would do differently. Let me be very clear. My presidency will not be a continuation of Joe Biden's presidency. And like every new president that comes in to office, I will bring my life experiences, my professional experiences, and fresh and new ideas. I represent a new generation of leadership. Well, after months of really getting slammed for not doing interviews, Harris did sit down with Brit Bears you just saw on Fox News. What did you think of the interview and why do you think Fox? Well, I hate to be so crass, but the interview was a train wreck. Kamala Harris was angry. She was defensive. She couldn't give a single answer to a single question because the truth is the sad truth is Kamala Harris doesn't have answers. Her campaign is based upon lies about President Trump. You heard her talk more about President Trump in that interview than what she's going to do for the American people. She was asked very a very simple question. How many illegal immigrants have come into the country since you've been vice president? That's a data question, a statistic. She should have that off the top of her head and she refused to answer it because she refuses to take responsibility for the unprecedented crisis that we have at our southern border. And if she can't recognize there's a problem, how is she going to be trusted to fix the problem? She can't. She will continue, allow it to continue. It became more clear than ever, I believe after that Fox News interview that President Trump needs to be reelected. Because Kamala can't handle the pressure of an interview with Fox News, she certainly can't handle the pressure of being president of the United States. You know, just a few hours ago on Thursday, the Biden Harris administration announced another round of student loan forgiveness, bringing the total amount of student loan cancellation to more than $175 billion. Now, former President Trump has been critical of these policies in the past. What do you think of this policy right now? Well, I think that President Trump is really focusing on bringing the economy back to greatness and making America affordable again and bringing down the cost of living in this country, including gas prices, which are still 50 percent higher today than they were when he was in office. He has a real plan to make this country competitive again in terms of business. He's going to cut the business tax rate to 15 percent, but only for companies that make their product in America and hire American workers is going to make America competitive again and bring jobs back here at home. Now, you talk about reaching out to voters. Polling is indicating that Trump is actually polling better than a lot of Republican candidates have in the past among Hispanic voters. The former president actually went on Univision and took some very tough questions, including for one Latino farmer who picked strawberries and said his job is usually done by undocumented workers. Listen to this exchange. If you deport to these people, who would do that job and what price would we pay for food? Please. Finished? Yes. So the problem we have is we had people coming in under my administration and they were coming in legally. They were coming in through a system that we had, which was great because I'm the best thing that ever happened to farmers. You know that. I was great. The farmers are doing very badly right now, very, very badly under this administration. Well, we're running out of time here. What do you think in terms of I know Trump calling for mass deportations. How do you think that's going to play with some Latino Hispanic voters? Well, it's an incredibly popular policy. In fact, more than 60 percent of Latino Americans support his plan for mass deportation because they came here illegally. They came here the right way. That gentleman that you saw asking that question. It's completely unfair to have people coming from all over the world, not just Latin America, Iran, Russia, China. They're coming in and they're being put up in hotels on the taxpayers dime. That's un-American. It's unfair. It can't be allowed to happen. We need law and order and we need legal immigration, which President Trump has always been a proponent of. Well, Caroline, thank you so much for joining us and we'll be right back.