 Tonight is the first and possibly only time Vice President Harris and former President Trump will face off on a debate stage. There's no live audience, no opening statements, and candidates' mics will be muted when it's not their turn to speak. While preparing for the debate, a source tells CBS News that Harris and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke over the phone this weekend. Clinton, who debated Trump three times during the 2016 election, offered her advice. Harris has also been preparing by holding mock debates. Meanwhile, sources say Trump's preparation has included reviewing policy positions with advisers. Trump won a coin toss last week to decide podium placement or the order of the closing statements. He elected to have the final statement of the night. Joe Delano, John Delano rather, joins us now. He is the political editor of KDKA, our station in Pittsburgh. John, our latest CBS News polling shows that voters in Pennsylvania are split on how they're voting for its 50-50 for Harris right now versus Trump. As you know, Pennsylvanians very, very well. You've been the political analyst at KDKA for 30 years. So that's why we're talking to you tonight. You've talked to many of the members of the Cabinet currently, former President Trump, Kamala Harris. So do you think that there's room for the debate tonight to change people's minds based on all of the background and knowledge that you have? Well, first, Tarika, it's great to be with you. I appreciate the opportunity to talk. And yeah, I guess I have a few years on me covering elections over the last three decades, one way or the other. Can't help that. But of course, there's room to change people's minds. We've got two months to go before November 5th, and that essentially means that there's opportunities to persuade some people. Now, I think it's true that there's a lot of hardening of the lines in support of Donald Trump or Kamala Harris. But the measure in between, the people in between are really going to make the difference in this election. And I do think this debate, just remember the last debate with President Biden, that changed everything. It sure did. So something could happen tonight. It's why everyone ought to be watching CBS and watching the debate and see what see what transpires. But I really do believe that there are people who are not wedded to one candidate or the other firmly here in Pennsylvania. John, how should both candidates pitch themselves tonight to those undecided or on the fence Pennsylvania voters? Yeah. Well, it's a great question. And of course, it's one that I'm sure the campaigns have agonized over for months, trying to figure out if I'm in a debate, what am I going to say and do? I think for Donald Trump, it's really to reassure. And again, we're talking about people in the middle who don't know quite which way they're going. For Donald Trump, I think it's to reassure people that he's not nuts, that he's not crazy, that he doesn't go off the wall one way or the other, that he's not a misogynist, that he's not somebody who just attacks, attacks, attacks, but rather focuses on his accomplishments during the four years of the Trump administration. I think that's going to be key for him. For Kamala Harris, I think it's reassuring people that she's really up for the job. There's a lot of questioning as to whether or not she is capable of doing this job. And I think there's every reason to believe she is. After all, she's been vice president, a U.S. senator, a state attorney general, a district attorney. I mean, she's got years of government experience, far more than Donald Trump. But the question is reassuring people that she's on top and that she has specific policies that people want to hear about. I think that's her goal tonight. They're both different goals, but they can both achieve their goals in one debate. Yeah. And we just had a graphic up there talking about, do you know what the candidates stand for? So really, like you said, hitting home on who are you and who will you be if you are in that seat? According to our CBS polling as well, the top factor when considering who voters will vote for is all about the economy. That's a pretty broad topic, as you know, specifically in Pennsylvania. What are the the major economic issues facing voters right now in the Keystone state? I'll answer that question, but I want to add this, Cherika, if I may. And that is that this election is really about the future. And so whether you harken back to the Donald Trump future, because he would say that's what he's delivering in the future or to a different vision of the future from Kamala Harris, I think both these candidates will need to tie that into their message this evening. And the economy is very important in Pennsylvania. And there's a different way of approaching it, depending even on which part of the state you live in. I think we're going to talk about one of those issues in a minute. But the truth is that people are feeling the pinch. Wages have not gone up as high as some people would like. Unemployment is is down. That's good. But I think that there's still a lot of concerns and it's not clear in people's minds whether things were really any better under Donald Trump than they are under Joe Biden. Both candidates will make the case for why they are better either now or better four years ago. And I think that the voters will be listening really strongly to the message on those kitchen table issues. So that other topic you're referring to is fracking. We hear this all the time, especially in your great state of Pennsylvania, which I also used to live in. Shout out to Philadelphia. What is fracking, though? Explain that to our viewers. And how big of an issue is this for voters in Pennsylvania? OK. Well, fracking is really an important part of natural gas delivery. It's a method by which you extract natural gas, which is the cleanest fossil fuel in America. It's also one that has issues because methane gas can be emitted and can cause problems. And there are some issues with respect to water use in the fracking process. But essentially, it's drilling straight down. And then like a spider web, you have tentacles that reach out for miles that collect the natural gas and pipe it back up. Natural gas is the way in which we heat most of our homes in Western Pennsylvania. And we, of course, are the Saudi Arabia of natural gas. We have a lot of natural gas, just like Saudi Arabia has oil. And it's a big issue in Western Pennsylvania. It's also a concern to environmentalists because of some of the reasons I cited earlier. And the politicians who are good at this and Governor Josh Shapiro is one of them and his predecessor was, too. They insist they are not opposed to fracking, but that we will find better ways to capture pollution from fracking and to keep people safe and sound. You noted I had interviewed President Biden. I had four interviews with Joe Biden during the 2020 election. And Jureka, in every single one of those interviews, he made a point of saying, I do not oppose fracking. I do not oppose fracking. So obviously, the candidates think it's an important issue. It's not as important in the eastern part of the state where you were in Philadelphia because they don't frack. But out here in the western part of the state, really a critical issue. We're going to watch and see if anybody talks about it tonight. I think they will. My bet is that they definitely will bring it up, especially just because there's been so much attention on Pennsylvania. I think so, too. All right. John Delano, thank you so much for your time. Always a pleasure. I agree with you. I think you're absolutely right. Thank you. Another reminder, the first 2024 presidential debate airs tonight at 9 p.m. Eastern. It's hosted by ABC News, but you can watch it right here on CBS News 24 seven. So make sure you stay with us.