 I'm Max Lopez. This is a blue wave. We're gonna be looking at why Kamala Harris is set to win the state of Pennsylvania in the electoral college, just like Joe Biden did and flipped it from being a Trump state in 2016. And I will let you know exactly why the reason is that Kamala Harris is going to ultimately win the state of Pennsylvania. But before we do that, please be sure to like the video, subscribe to the channel, share with someone who's into politics, and let's get into the data here. So we'll check out 538, latest polls for President of the United States in the great state of Pennsylvania and very, very close race. As you'll see here, we have the New York Times poll from October 7th to 10th that shows the race being Harris 49, Trump 45. And then we'll look at another New York, a few New York Times polls here actually that have the race at Harris 50, Trump 47, Harris 49, Trump 45, Harris 50, Trump 47. And then from American Pulse Research and polling, we have Trump with a slight lead on Harris on those two polls. But on average here, Harris does have a slight lead in the days leading up to the election on November 5th. Now, why is it that this is very good news for Kamala Harris in the final days leading up to what will be the most consequential, the most important state for either candidate to have a smooth sailing path to victory on election night? The reasons are that Pennsylvania is a extremely diverse, extremely blue collar state, and is also a very large population. Donald Trump struggles with nearly all of those groups of voters, and in 2016, he was able to win over voters with a populist message, right? He talked the talk of raising the minimum wage and keeping jobs and manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania and in America. And people bought it up because he was an unknown commodity. But now what Pennsylvania voters are looking at is Donald Trump's awful track record on manufacturing jobs and his awful job record overall. And I think as the Kamala Harris and Tim Walz campaign has been driving home on that point, it's something that's resonating in places especially like Pennsylvania with such a high percentage of blue collar workers. Now, also what Pennsylvania has is a very large amount of suburban communities, right? And what has happened since the 2020 election when Donald Trump narrowly lost against Joe Biden, lost the state of Pennsylvania, okay? Donald Trump has incited an insurrection against the United States of American government in sending a model of supporters to overturn a free and fair election by subverting the certification of the electoral college which Joe Biden rightfully won. We've seen Roe v. Wade fall and Donald Trump take credit for that time and time again. And we've also seen Donald Trump be indicted on various federal crimes, not limited to sexually assaulting, being found liable for sexually assaulting E. Jean Carroll in a New York City dressing room in 1994. These are all things that people in the suburbs, men, women are looking at and I can't imagine they're gravitating towards it. There's not much that the Trump campaign is offering you if you are somebody who just wants to keep jobs in America, right? You're somebody who wants to keep the train on the tracks with the economy and you want to just generally be able to provide for your family and live a normal life, working a job that might not necessarily require a college degree and you don't, I don't see anything that's been offered to the American people, especially these types of voters that there are a lot of in Pennsylvania, economic minded blue collar voters. Trump was able to win them over in 2016 by lying to them but his track record hasn't given them anything to gravitate to, especially since 2020 and also since he got elected and I think that his various troubles that he's having legally, it's gonna come to bear in a very important state like Pennsylvania in this upcoming election but that's all I got for you guys in this one, please be sure to like the video, subscribe to the channel, share with someone who's into politics and I'll catch you guys in the next video, peace.