 The sycophantic fanbase that is known for playing the victim when it comes to everything just watch their guy almost get kablooied and then come back up with a black power fist. The former president of the United States, Donald Trump, rallied at Pennsylvania yesterday, went south after someone tried to pop him up. This has packed a lot of reaction, it has packed a lot of conspiracy theory, it has packed a lot of analysis, people are reacting to it. You guys know the people who have Donald Trump, everything very hard. In the video that has been circulating the media which made people consider that he was staged was when they were trying to get him off of the stage and he threw a fist at the crowd and people believed that he was staged because he was literally telling them to calm down and let him make the fist to the crowd. Some people are saying there is no lens that these politicians are not going to go to be able to get a seat at that position. Some are saying it is staged, it is not viewed, some are saying they just automatically make him the president with this incident because he's going to start acting like a victim. It has packed a lot of conversation guys and these are some of the clips that have gathered on the reaction of what happened during Donald Trump's rally at Pennsylvania. Please don't let the person who did it be a person of color, please don't let the person that did it be a person of color, please don't let the person that did it be a person of color, please. Either way we're fried though. He's going to use this to propel his candidacy and I thought he was going to win before, I definitely think he's going to win now. Between the people in real life that are going to be gullible enough to believe that this is some sort of ploy about the radical left to eliminate Donald Trump because he's the savior and the people online that are using him as a hype machine because he has so much aura and this pic goes so hard. The literal brain rot in real life and online makes me want to fucking off myself because I know all this shit is just going to propel him into office and I told you I don't give a fuck about who you vote for. If you want to vote for Biden and think that's going to be effective then go ahead. The things that are going to happen are going to happen anyway either president, it doesn't matter but that does not mean that I want Trump to get in. I don't, I'm petrified right now because I know it's almost as good as done that this man is going to get into office because of all the variables and how gullible, how stupid the American people are in mass. So to me the only thing that I'm worried about in this current moment is whether that shooter was a person of color or not because if that shooter is a person of color. All right everybody saw the Trump rally where he was potentially you know tried to be taken and one or two things could be true. Trump could have said this up himself so people will rally behind him so he could win the presidency or somebody fucking missed. I mean if you're gonna do it do it right and yes that is patriotism at its best. Everybody been saying this shit when is somebody gonna do what's right for America and no I am not for violence but this man is trying to become a dictator and trying to take everybody's rights away. Anybody who's not white Christian nationalist has to go. So yes for the greater good I am all for what just happened on that stage because we have to think of this shit. You are trying to take everybody's rights you don't think nobody gonna rebel against you don't think nobody's gonna try to take that shot. Trump you better you better keep your head low you better keep your head low that was probably the first war. If this was not staged this is the first war. The Simpsons already have predicted he was going out in 2024. I don't know how he was going out but the census predicted and you know they always write about shit but if they catch old dude um where we send bail money where do we send book money because I will definitely be chipping in. The assassination attempt on Donald Trump's life yeah I'm just struggling to kind of wrap my head around that one. This is the stuff you read about in history books never did I ever think in my lifetime that would happen in real time let alone read it on twitter sitting in a driveway. Like what year is it? What's going on? Who is this person? For those of you who aren't aware and it's okay if you are it's Saturday and this was just a couple of hours ago so it's still new news still unfolding as we speak. While Trump was on stage at a rally in Pennsylvania a sniper from some distance attempted to assassinate him. Missed him though just grazed his ear. If you haven't seen the picture I don't think I can post that on TikTok without it getting taken down but it's a money shot let me tell you not the shot shot but the photo shot. Unfortunately someone did lose their life they did get hit in the rally another person was critically injured and the shooter we don't know who it is but according to the Secret Service he's been neutralized. Now the worst of the worst kind of human beings have already come out and expressed themselves on social media yay they're cheering on or oh my god I can't believe you missed number one somebody lost their life today and another person is fighting for their life. Number two if your goal is to destroy a movement I highly recommend you don't turn the leader into a martyr and number three somebody at the Secret Service needs to get fired. The man was set up quick and easy no musk no fuss on a building right across the way how does that happen? Okay it's cooked as of like an hour ago what appeared to be gunshots rang out at a Trump rally he went down he got back up his ear and his face appeared to be bloody and he's doing a fist pump in the air. It looks like somebody missed they shot and maybe grazed them and let me tell you what's gonna happen over the next couple days. The reason why I say it's cooked is because the sycophantic fan base that is known for playing the victim when it comes to everything just watch their guy almost get kablooied and then come back up with a black power fist which is now going to further feed their victim complex. Mind you when it comes to policies socioeconomic status his race well every fucking thing about him he is not a victim and nor is the majority of his fans but shit now they are I guess because you know the right wing spin factory is a fucking machine. Trump is going to mention this event in every single fucking appearance moving forward the right is going to make t-shirts and mugs and merchandise out of it he apparently mouthed the word fight so expect to see that picture with some filters on it with the fight thing or some tiktok edits expect for the right to get even more radical because of this event and as more information comes out about whatever happened if this was a shooting and that shooter has any left-wing beliefs at any point I'm talking if they liked AOC's tweak at one point in their life it's fucked because anything that you say against Trump will now be painted as oh they're too radical and look this rhetoric caused yeah. This despite the fact that shootings for literally every reason over the past however many years have been by right-wing people who follow all these right-wing demagogues that are about to be like the leftist what caused this and everything and use this as their opportunity expect to see people pulling comments online of people previously talking about how Trump should get you know. We're going to have to sit back and watch how everyone responds to this and see if everything I just said plays out which I know it fucking will but until then something in my stomach is telling me we're cooked we're so cooked. Man that stays that assassination attempt man I ain't gonna lie about it you got 24 hours to stage your own assassination attempt in response. And how he miss JP how he miss bar? He missed. He missed on purpose. Ah hell yeah. We used to be a country we used to have standards we used to have standards where candidates presidents will get shot and they get marked immediately bar. Niggas is missing now what what the fuck going on? Niggas is not studying niggas niggas isn't studying JFK shooter they're studying John Hinckley. We losing recipes do you understand? We losing recipes bar. I am making it to talk niggas just to get president just get shot they used to die what's going on bar we lose a recipe. Here's the thing I gotta understand it honestly doesn't matter if it was staged or not because all that matters is how it appears and how it appears is that someone tried to pew pew at him directly and only grazed him. That's all that matters for real. I'm already seeing conspiracy theories of how he and his teen paid someone to do it or it was an inside job y'all the reality is it doesn't matter. All that matters is that this situation makes him come across as a victim of pew pew violence and we have seen time and time again that his supporters demo don't give a damn about any kind of facts. All they really care about is how Mr. Rump makes them feel and when he returns to his campaign trail and goes to his next rally and positions himself as a victim of pew pew violence but he prevailed anyway it's going to ignite a certain level of pride in his supporters that I don't think we've fully seen yet to be honest with you. So whether it was staged or not we need to buckle up because this campaign trail and presidential election has just gotten that much more interesting. Have you guys seen clips from the incident? If you haven't just go on Twitter so that does not censor as much as other hubs or even go on TikTok just if they haven't taken the rest off of TikTok because I was able to see some few hours ago so you can you can as well go and check on TikTok. From the streets you can tell that a lot of people are saying so many reasons some are saying it is staged some are saying you will start having like a victim now because of the situation and start you know you start having like a victim of gun violence some are saying they hope that it's not a black person because if it's a black person like it's done I just want like it's really really done. What do you guys think about the situation? Do you think truly this can be staged by you because I see so many comments of people saying it is going the extra lens just to be able to get to vote from people and I think the part and the reason why people are saying that it is staged the most was because of the clip that has been going viral where it was telling the person trying to get him off of the stage to calm down so he can make the black feasts into the hair a black power feasts into the hair a lot of people are stitching that part and saying come on like if this is real and not staged it wouldn't have time to be doing all of that on that stage so let me hear what you guys think about all of this I am going to see you guys in the next one.