 Tonight, both Kamala Harris and Donald Trump are campaigning in what some argue is the most important of all the battleground states this election. Former president is hosting a town hall just outside of Philadelphia, while the vice president is holding a rally in Erie. Weijia Jang and Caitlin Huey Burns join us now. Weijia, I want to begin with you. I know from my notes that Erie County was significant in 2016 and 2020. Trump carried it narrowly by two percentage points in 2016. Biden carried it by one percentage point in 2020, making Erie County kind of a bellwether. I'm sure that's why Harris is there, and she has a message not just for Erie County, but statewide, correct? Correct Major, this is actually going to be the vice president's 10th visit to Pennsylvania since becoming the presidential nominee. And they are so well aware that even though this area in particular voted for President Biden back in 2020, there is plenty of opportunity for her to lose, which is why she's trying to meet face to face with as many people as she can to try to get her message across. And to your point, Major, to focus and be strategic about where the message is going. So right before she comes here to the arena, she is actually sitting down having a conversation with black men about the economy and about the opportunities that she claims she can create for them. To your point today, her campaign rolled out a brand new policy plan that really focuses on this voting bloc, announcing 1 million forgivable small loans, announcing an effort to try to legalize marijuana, they say, to boost that industry, which would create more jobs and a health initiative to focus on things that disproportionately affect black men like sickle cell disease. But the problem here, Major, is exactly what you and Anthony were talking about. And that is a lack of enthusiasm. And they are very worried that that is going to translate into low voter turnout, which is why you see this huge effort tonight and in the days ahead on this particular group. And that is a fascinating point you just made, this nervousness about turnout, because when Kamala Harris, the vice president, became the nominee to be, then became the nominee officially at the Democratic National Convention, all through that period of time, July, August, early September, one of the biggest words you heard associated with that campaign was enthusiasm. Does the campaign internally have a sense that that has begun to waver? Well, Major, it's certainly not something that they are sharing explicitly with us, but sources say that they are well aware that that has started to follow up among key groups. That includes Latino men, which is why they just launched Ombre's for Harris out west, and black men, which is why you saw former President Obama speak directly to them when he was campaigning in Pittsburgh last week. But that might have had a backfire effect, because there's been some conversation about how people don't want to lecture from the former president. But we're also seeing Harris trying to reach people in various ways. In fact, she's doing a media blitz like we've been talking about this week, focused on black media to try to pull in those voters, Major, because again, it is that enthusiasm that could make or break this election when you're talking about who wakes up and goes to the polls. Competing with the crowd and the music around her, we did doing a gamely, as always. Thank you very much. I want to go down to Caitlin Huey Burns joins us just outside of Philadelphia, covering former President Trump's town hall. I mentioned it's in Montgomery County. Why does that matter, ladies and gentlemen? Well, just think about this in the 2020 election, six point eight million votes roughly in Pennsylvania. Seven percent of that came from Montgomery County. It's one of those counties just north of Philadelphia. Bucks, Chester, Delaware, Montgomery County, where this election could be won or lost. Caitlin Huey Burns joins us from there. Catch us up on the messaging today and the approach for Trump in these important suburban counties just north of Philly. Well, Major, as you mentioned, these suburban areas are really where the prize voters are. Think back to the primaries this year, even after Nikki Haley exited the race, she was still getting a sizable portion of voters in the suburbs, places like here in the suburbs of Philadelphia. So the target here today is on those voters. But also the campaign says today is going to be focused on the economy and inflation. It's a town hall. If you can see the setup behind me, he's going to be moderate. It's going to be moderated by Kristi Nome, the governor of South Dakota, notably also a woman. And so that is kind of the target audience for. These events. But major, I can say after traveling with the Trump campaign for the past several months now, this is when they are starting to target these areas. We've spent a lot of time covering him in the western part of the state, more rural parts of the state here in Pennsylvania. But this is the first time in a while, actually, since the debate that he's actually been here in the Philadelphia, Philadelphia area. So it shows kind of that target group in a state that is completely up for grabs. If you look at the battleground states, Pennsylvania offers the most electoral votes out of all of them. And this is a neck and neck race. Our polling has it pretty much even here. Nineteen electoral votes in Pennsylvania. It's a bit of a tough slog for Trump in Montgomery County based on the 2020 results. He lost the county 63 percent to 36 percent. Kaitlyn, you've been paying attention to the former president's rhetoric on immigration. And over the weekend, he talked about elite forces, National Guard, other things in our country being deployed to not only deport those suspected of or charged with or implicated in crimes, but others as well. What is the Trump rationale here? Yeah, major, as much as this campaign wants to focus on these persuadable voters, those suburban voters on the economy, the former president's closing argument here is really on immigration. And we've seen that rhetoric heightened over the past couple of weeks and especially over the weekend. And that's extended not only to on immigration, but also he said twice over the weekend that there is an enemy from within. And in an interview on Fox News over the weekend, he said that he wouldn't rule out the military, have the military getting involved in that effort as we on election day. Now, of course, he is not the president, doesn't have any control over the military right now, but it is this kind of heightened rhetoric that we're seeing in the closing weeks of the campaign. And he has said that over the past year, has kind of threaded that along in his campaign speeches, describing the enemy within as essentially his political opponents. But in these closing days, that has been notable as we're getting closer to the election. And on immigration, of course, this has been a key issue of his campaign for nearly a decade ever since he came down that escalator in Trump Tower in 2015. Immigration has been the through line of his campaign. But in these closing weeks, this is the closing message. Having covered so many rallies this year, that is something that only not only animates his supporters, but is animating this campaign. And he has used racist terms to describe immigrants. And before this election, it was trying to close off the border, preventing people from coming in. This time it is in his telling there has already been an invasion and he needs to the country needs to weed these people out and using his own words. He has argued also in terms of policy, of course, in terms of mass deportation. So it's not only the rhetoric, it's also the policy proposals. But when you look at our polling on the issue of immigration, he does leave Kamala Harris. And when you look deep down in the numbers, Republican voters and especially those aligned with Donald Trump are very supportive of his argument. And I can say talking to voters at these rallies, that is something that comes up time and time again as the top issue of concern. But watching that rhetoric in the closing days and weeks is something to behold, nature. We have not heard the last of Trump saying he could use the United States military to pursue the quote enemy from within. Caitlin Huey Burns, thank you so much.