 Alright everyone, we start off today talking about Civil War brewing actually within the Democratic Party. It appears that there is a disconnect between the Kamala camp and the DNC, but first let me say today's schedule may be a little bit on the wonky side. I will do my livestream, but I'm not exactly sure exactly what time I'm going to be doing that at, so a little bit hurried today. I've got some shit that I've got to get to. Yes, a Civil War link in the description, archived of course. It looks like Kamala's staff have, they're complaining that the local DNC apparatus in Pennsylvania is not really coordinating very well. That is that the two camps haven't been able to actually organize like field offices and knocking on doors and harvesting ballots to maximum extent, and the Kamala team is talking about how that's the fault of the local Democratic offices and officials. That they're just badly coordinated and they can't figure out what's going on like Kamala people getting bounced from meetings, Kamala's people not really, I mean they can't make direct contact, they're not picking up the phone and stuff like that. And this is worrisome for her campaign for obvious reasons. Pennsylvania is one of the big ones. It's the biggest takeaway from all of the swing stays. It's not the same as Nevada. You can lose Nevada. It's got what? Six electors. Pennsylvania has quite a few of them. Pennsylvania is worth as much as North Carolina, Arizona, Nevada combined I believe. And Wisconsin by the way just flipped to the Trump camp slightly in aggregate polling. We'll be checking up on that later. And so they're getting nervous. Now you know that they're nervous because if you take a crawl across the internet right now, what do you see? You see a bunch of co-posting. Well the markets have decided Kamala's got a 70% chance of winning. She's stunning and brave. Dronald Drumpf and all the sort of stuff that you saw in 2016. It's basically the same. It's a doppelganger of what we've already seen. That was from a campaign that was having problems. In fact this kind of civil war is exactly the kind of problem Hillary Clinton suffered from at times. This is why she came out after the election when she lost and she never really got over that or admitted it by the way. She's an election denier. Oh my god she's a Russian or Chikom in her case. Chikom yes I know I mispronounced that. Give me some slack. Who cares? This is what we saw from her camp. What did they do after they lose? Well the DNC didn't give us enough support. State parties didn't give us enough support. The DCCC didn't raise enough money. I had to take time off the campaign trail to go and do fundraisers, things like that. I think that they're much more worried than they're letting on at the moment. I believe that the Kamala Harris camp is getting nervous. I think that the state level Democrats are probably getting nervous though too. I know that I would be getting nervous if I were a Democrat right now simply looking at the polling. When you look at the polling, match it up against 2016. Again an election which shares a lot of overlap with 2024. You have the same we're not working well together. Hey we've got all this money but we can't actually organize it. Kamala Harris has to go it alone with her campaign ads but it's not really a down ballot effort. Meanwhile, the down ballaters aren't coordinating with the Kamala campaign. Meanwhile Trump has a different problem. His problem is that he has less money on him and the Republican apparatus has given him this cold shoulder at the neocon level, the party leadership. He's got an extensive ground game with private volunteers and local field offices and stuff like that. Much more grassroots. But at the same time you have Mitch McConnell bitching about him in his book and saying weird shit. You have the other party leadership. They're not really behind Donald Trump. Both candidates therefore suffer unique situations which really you don't generally see in presidential campaigns. Normally the Democrats are the coordinated ones. Normally they're the ones that are lock step and the Republicans are often la la land. With the regards to this, for the Republicans they're actually the ones closing rank with the exception of the party leadership where the Democrats are the ones that are disorganized at the state level and the local level. It's inexplicable. It's almost like an inversion of the two parties general election problems. Again the Democrats are normally the organized ones. Apparently they're running around right now like chickens with their heads cut off. It doesn't surprise me though. Kamala surrounds herself with yes men and people who are sort of in the in the no apparatus. They don't really care about the down ballot races. So naturally they're going to look at it as you owe us basically. We're going to raise a little bit of money for you and in return you're going to tow the line. The state and local officials meanwhile are like what are you talking about? We need support over here and we're not really getting any. You're basically just hoarding all of your campaign cash for yourself and siphoning from the DNC to the tune of over a billion dollars by the way including the money that was rolled over that Biden had raised. What gives? We need more support. So in Pennsylvania there's almost a civil war brewing and this is right at the end of the election. You've only got a couple of weeks to go and voting has already begun in a lot of states early voting and mail in and so forth. By the way get out there and vote. Vote early if you can if you especially if you're in a swing state because you might not be able to on election day. Could be inclement weather. Maybe you're sick. You got into a car accident. You got injured something like that. We could siphon off thousands or tens of thousands of additional votes easily probably hundreds of thousands if people were to do the early voting thing. The good news is that Trump has managed to convince more Republicans to do this. The problem is you're still way behind the Democrats when it comes to registering to do these things when you're registering for that ballot. So yeah Kamala is angry at the Pennsylvania state and local officials. Kind of can't blame her actually when you think about it. That's about all. Peace out.