 Donald Trump just got great news out of the key swing state of Pennsylvania. What is up people of the internet? It is me, Real American, back again with a new video today. We have to talk about the 2024 presidential election because Donald Trump has great news out of Pennsylvania. Yeah, that's right. Pennsylvania is undoubtedly a key swing state and you could argue it's a must-win state for both campaigns. Like if Trump wins Pennsylvania more than likely he wins the presidency and vice versa. If Harris wins Pennsylvania more than likely she wins the presidency. Well, we just got brand new numbers out of Pennsylvania and it is bad for Democrats. I'm talking about a complete and total disaster. Look at this mail-in ballot requests from 2020 to 2024 and these are from the exact same time frame roughly 50 days out from election day. Look at these numbers in 2020 at the same time frame Republicans had 376,000 requests. Democrats had roughly 1.1 million. Look at 2024 Republicans went down by roughly 50,000 votes. They're at around 321,000 Democrats as of now are below 800,000. Yeah, that's right. Democrats went down by roughly 300,000 votes. Republicans only went down roughly 50,000 votes and you look at percentages Republicans went down only like 15% Democrats went down like 25%. Now to be fair, it was expected that we're going to see less mail-in votes for obvious reasons, but Democrats have two major problems here. For starters, you're talking about a 300,000 voter drop. In just four years. That's a lot of voters especially in the state that Trump lost by roughly 80,000 votes. That's like triple or no quadruple the margin of victory that Biden had. So that's your first problem. Just your raw vote total went down 300,000 votes while Republicans went down only 50,000 votes. So that's like a net swing of 240,000 votes. That's a big deal. But secondly, look at the percentage like Republicans went down roughly 12 to 15% or whatever it was Democrats went down 20 to 25%. So it's not just oh, you know, it's because there's no covid that's part of it. But if it was just because of covid you would see roughly the same percentage not Republicans are down 15% but Democrats are down 25%. You should see roughly the same margin, but you don't you see the opposite you see Republicans gaining percentage-wise and it's getting worse for Democrats with each pass today. Look at this on the first day of the request. It was, you know, 64% Democrat 25.5% Republican now. It's below 64% Democrat and it's almost 26% Republican. So with each passing day just like North Carolina, it's trending Republican. You see the problem? So not only is the vote share just weighed down but the percentages are just awful for Democrats. It's trending against them while Republicans they're gaining for crying out loud. Look at 2022. These are the final numbers not 50 days before Election Day. These are finals and Republicans had below 300,000 requests and only 21%. So that means compared to 2022 Republicans have already requested more mail-in ballots than the entirety of 2022 in Pennsylvania while Democrats they haven't they're going to obviously but Republicans already cracked 300,000. They're already at 330,000 while Democrats they're still 200,000 votes shy from their total in 2022. I know things can change but does this really look like an enthusiasm surge when the mail-in requests, they're trending Republican the total requests are weighed down and Republicans just raw vote wise they're they're up compared to 2022 while Democrats they're going to be above their numbers from 22. Obviously, but it's going to be a while. This is bad because this vote block mail-in votes in Pennsylvania. They're the reason dr. Oz lost the Senate race. That's a fact for crying out loud Oz lost his vote by like 40 or 50 points. It was something crazy like that. And if it wasn't for the mail-in votes Oz would have won because a lot of these votes were before the debate which everyone agrees was a complete disaster for Federman. That's why it's not good for Democrats that they're way behind where they should be. They should be at 65% of the total. They should be at roughly a million requests right now, but they're not Republicans at the bare minimum. They have at least kind of learned. Oh, wait a minute. We should use mail-in voting. If we can use it use it. You could get people out to vote that would probably not vote otherwise while Democrats they may be more reliant on election day. That's possible. But do you really think a drop off of this magnitude is just explained as well. They're going to vote on election day. I guess it's possible, but if this was just because of people using mail-in ballots less you would expect the drop to be even you know, 20% drop with Republicans roughly 20% with Democrats not Democrats are down 25% but Republicans are down like 12%. No, you should be seeing roughly the same drop off. But right now you're not these are bad numbers for Democrats because like I said, it's not just you know, it's a drop off from both parties. It's a clear drop off with Democrats Democrats are voting by mail a lot less at least requesting their ballots at a far slower pace than 2020. That's your first problem. And secondly, just the raw amount of votes. It's way down. These votes are going to be super Democrat and if you want to win Pennsylvania, you have to bank on these early votes. But right now they're not getting the thresholds. They need again, it's possible that these people vote on election day. I get that that's going to happen more than likely. But if you're a Democrat, you don't want to rely just on election day because if it's very high turnout on election day more than likely those voters are going to lean towards Trump. So if you get you know, you win early votes, but not by 70 points that it's only like 1.8 million votes or whatever. I'm sorry, but that's not enough. If you're a Democrat in Pennsylvania, you don't want this to be just 1.8 million votes or whatever. It's going to be it could be more could be less but right now the tracking is not good for Democrats and it's going to accelerate eventually. It did in 2020 even in 2022. There were some acceleration towards the end, but even then it's I just don't think it's enough. I don't think it's enough for Harris to win Pennsylvania. And for those that are saying well, this could be misleading. Maybe Republicans are just more reliant on early voting. Okay, that's a possibility. Let's look at the RCP average. Oh wait, it just flipped. Yeah. If flipped back to Trump Trump right now, it's a very small lead, but for the first time since late August, he has a lead in the RCP average. It's a very small one. It's 0.2%. But the only reason it's not like a Trump plus one lead is because of the Suffolk poll for those that don't know Suffolk University is one of the worst pollsters out there. Just look at their numbers in 2020. This is in Pennsylvania in the middle of October. Their poll was Biden plus seven. They were off by six points even in 2016. They had clicked it up by nine points and granted it was in the middle of July. So you could argue. Well, that's just too early. You can make an argument that well, it was the middle of the summer. Maybe that's why they're off by so much that doesn't explain a Biden plus seven just two weeks before Election Day. That was their final poll. By the way, Biden plus seven. That's bad. That is awful and other states. They're just as bad. Ohio. I think they had Biden winning Ohio. They had JD Vance down in Ohio. It's a joke. Suffolk University is a garbage poll. They are but for whatever reason people on Twitter are saying this is a high-quality poll. How how the hell is this a high-quality poll? I'm curious because I don't see how it's a high-quality poll far from it. It's a garbage pollster. But for whatever reason it's considered a high-quality poll. But even then when you compare the final numbers in 2020 and 2016 to their numbers right now, you could argue this is bad for Harris because it's only Harris plus three. The other polls were Clifton plus nine Joe by seven. This poll is within the margin of error. That is not good for Harris because if you're a Democrat, especially from Suffolk, you want to be up by five six seven eight points from Suffolk. You don't want to be up by three and on top of that insider advantage, which is a good pollster. I don't care what people say insider advantage is a good pollster, especially in 2020. Their final 2020 poll was, you know, Trump plus two. They're off by three points. Whoopty frickin do compared to Monmouth with Biden plus seven freighters Biden plus six Biden plus seven Biden plus 10 like those were the other polls. So they're off by, you know, two to three points, but insider advantage is relatively speaking a good pollster. And right now they have Trump up by two. This is not good for Harris because Suffolk should be Harris plus eight Harris plus nine insider advantage, which is a way better pollster than Suffolk. They found Trump up by two. So who do I trust insider advantage, which has a a decent track record, not perfect, but it's all right or Suffolk, which is a garbage pollster that doesn't know how to pull out of Pennsylvania and they they dropped a Harris plus three here, which is actually an improvement for Trump compared to 2020 and 2016 or I trust insider advantage. I'm going with insider advantage, which by the way, insider advantage is closer to CBS News Trafalgar Emerson, even CNN and I know those were from a couple weeks ago, but Suffolk is the outlier here, not insider advantage. But even then when you average it all out, Trump has retaken the lead in Pennsylvania for the first time since August or actually the end of August. Compare that with 2020 where at the same time frame in the middle of September, it was roughly Biden plus four Biden plus four Biden plus five in 2016. It was Clinton plus six. Right now Trump's up by, you know, point two percent and that's with an outlier. If this wasn't for Suffolk, it would be probably Trump plus one. That's a five-point shift from 2020. That's a what is that a seven-point shift from 2016 compared to the polling average. So the final 2020 was, you know, Biden plus one or whatever, but compared to the RCP average from 2020 and 2016, that's a seven to five-point shift in favor of Trump. That's why this is a big deal. It's not just, you know, oh, he's down by a point. He's actually winning despite Suffolk pushing garbage pull-out that had Harris up by three, which compared to everyone else is an outlier. Despite that, RCP still has Trump with a lead. It's a small one, but compared to 2020 and 2016, this is a big lead for him. But we got to see what happens. Maybe it's a fluke, but when you look at the early voting, you look at even the polls now. Does this scream a hair surge? Does this scream a landslide for her? No, at best you could argue it looks like a 50-50 race. But when you look at the early vote numbers, it looks like a disaster. Anyways, folks, thank you so much for watching. If you guys did enjoy this video, smash the like button down below, subscribe, share with your friends, hit that little bell, follow the social media accounts in the description down below, and of course join the channel today. Godspeed to all of you.