 Joining me now to talk more on the ground there is Congressman Mike Kelly, a Republican there in Butler, Pennsylvania, also your hometown. He's also the chairman of the House Task Force on the attempted assassination of former President Trump. Thank you so much for joining us, Congressman. Thanks for having me. You know, not having just me, I think you're having everybody in Pennsylvania is here. It's incredible. What a crowd. What a crowd. And they're so enthusiastic. Yeah. I mean, people are just piling in already. Can you tell us a little bit more about that anticipation that it hasn't just been going on today? I mean, this has been going on since Trump said he was going back to Butler, Pennsylvania. What's the feeling on the ground? The feeling in the ground is very high. People are really glad to be able to come back here after what happened on July 13th, come to October 5th. This is completely different. It is a difference between day and night. This is the safest, most secure place in America right now. We are surrounded by thousands and thousands and thousands of our fellow Americans who are looking forward to November the 5th and returning America to our American citizens. Yeah, this is a place that the former president said will be the safest place on earth, he's been saying, in his rallies, as the chairman of the House Task Force. You are. What's the latest on your continued efforts looking into the two assassination attempts? Are you concerned about safety and security there today? I am not concerned about today. Now, you can never be 100 percent sure of anything, but the preparation for this is completely different than the preparation for July 13th. Everybody is courted. Local law enforcement was the first part of our investigation. They had been completely exonerated. They did everything they could. It was the federal agencies that failed. The federal agencies have now combined with local law enforcement. This is, and I mean this sincerely, there could be no safer place in America right now than Butler, Pennsylvania, and on the farm show grounds right here, and everybody's so eagerly awaiting the next president, former President 45, to become the 47th president of the United States. He represents this. He is us, and we are him. Wow. Yeah, and they've walked down the area or secured the area anyway a lot sooner than they did previously in July. On the 13th of July, that shooter had a clear line of sight of Trump there. People couldn't believe it, right? So, security is increasing. You can bet your bottom dollar somebody is there. They're going to be covering that building that Thomas Crooks was able to get up on. Security is increased, but do you also anticipate that there's going to be any changes for the location of the stage? Are they moving the stage, or is it in the same place? I don't know. The stage is about where it was on the 13th of July. One of the things I wanted to point out, Anna, most of what you see here are volunteers. They are not people being paid to be here. All the trailers that you see parked upon the northern border that block anybody's site onto the grounds, all brought here by the people who own them parked there to keep it more safe and secure, not just for the president, but for everybody attending. This is an incredible volunteer effort by everybody in this area. Is that right? I had no idea. Okay. Well, at the rally today, Elon Musk is expected to be there. He helped to provide Starlink dishes to hurricane-ravaged areas in the U.S., but has bashed FEMA, saying that it's blocking the deliveries or slowing them down. What kind of star power does Musk bring, do you think? And what do you expect to hear from him when he's there at the rally later? I think what you're going to hear from him is the honesty of the way things need to be run in this country. Anything that's a hindrance right now is because of an executive branch that has failed to perform. Look at what happened to FEMA. Well, my goodness, we don't have money left for our own citizens because of how it was wasted. This is all spongible money. I keep telling my friends, once the money gets allocated by the Congress, it goes to the executive branch. Everything's supposed to be enforced there. They have turned their back on the American people. This is a disgrace. Well, there are concerns. You know, hurricane season isn't over yet. We've got a couple of months left and storms potentially brewing. Back to this, the first assassination attempt on Trump had a profound impact on the Republican National Convention. I don't think anybody can forget what it was like when the former president came in with the bandage on his ear. Let's take a listen to part of Trump's speech at the RNC. So we remember. There was blood pouring everywhere. And yet in a certain way, I felt very safe because I had God on my side. I felt that. What are you expecting to hear from him today? You know, I think he's going to pick up where he left off. He just made a very clear statement. God is on our side. He's not talking about God is on the side of Republicans. God is on the side of anything other than every single American. We may have differences in the way we vote or the parties we belong to. But at the end of the day, there is no place in the world where we don't look to our Savior and our Lord Jesus Christ and God to always keep America first in his mind as well as our minds. Thanks for watching. Go to join NN.com to find News Nation on your screen. And don't forget to click the red subscribe button below to get more of News Nation's facts driven unbiased coverage.