 Brand new polling is showing that Donald Trump is surging in the key swing state of Pennsylvania. What is all people of the Internet? It is me, Real American, backing up the new video today. We have to talk about the 2024 presidential election because Donald Trump is surging in the key swing state of Pennsylvania. Yeah, that's right. Despite what everyone's saying about the election, these polls suggest that at the bare minimum, Pennsylvania is a 50-50 state, which is not a surprise. I mean, come on. It's Pennsylvania. Obviously, it's gonna be a very close election, but everyone was claiming that Trump was secretly down by 15 points in Pennsylvania that he was gonna lose the election. Well, these polls suggest no. At the bare minimum, it's 50-50. With some the polls showing Trump's actually having a small lead. Like, insider polling, which did drop a couple days ago, but they found Trump plus two. And, insider advantage is a very good pollster. Are they perfect? No. But, right now, they have Trump up by a couple points. Okay, it's only one poll. Emerson. Yeah, Emerson found Trump with a small lead. It's only one point lead, but it's another pollster that's not bad. I mean, some people are gonna claim that Emerson's a far-right pollster. Same thing with insider advantage. They're not. Emerson and insider advantage, they're good pollsters, and right now, they found Trump plus one and Trump plus two. Hell, Marist. Yes, the same Marist that back in 2020 was claiming Trump was down everywhere. He was gonna lose in a landslide. They now found Trump tied in Pennsylvania. And, in fact, I believe if you look at the internals, it's actually a Trump lead. Yeah, that's what Marist found. Of all pollsters, this is from Marist. This isn't from Trafalgar. This isn't from some far-right news organization. No. This is Marist slash NPR. They are a left-leaning pollster, and they found the race at best tied for Harris. Okay, let's keep going. The Washington Post. Yes, the same pollster that back in 2020 claimed Trump is gonna win Wisconsin by 17 points. Right now, they found Trump tied with Harris in Pennsylvania. And with a full field, it's, you know, Harris plus one. But either way, the Washington Post found a statistically tied race, just like Marist. And you could argue just like even Emerson or even insider advantage. Which, by the way, the Washington Post and Marist they lean to the left. So if they're admitting that Trump is actually tied with Harris in Pennsylvania, more than likely, that probably means he's up by two or three. I'm not trying to say that's for sure gonna happen, but these pollsters have track records of understating Trump by a couple points at the bare minimum. But when you go to the RCP average, you would think, oh, with Trump being tied with Marist, tied in the Washington Post, up with Emerson, up with insider advantage, you would think the RCP average would be Trump plus one or even like Trump plus 0.5. Well, it's not. Right now, it's Harris plus one. And you could probably tell why it's Harris plus one. There were four pollsters that dropped Harris leads. And not just Harris plus one. Harris plus three. Harris plus three. Harris plus four. Even Harris plus five. Talk about outliers. While everyone else has the race tied or a small Trump lead, these garbage polls found Harris up by by some miracle three to five points. And take a guess who these polls are. Quinnipiac, The New York Times, Suffolk, Franklin and Marshall. The same trash pollsters that that does this every single year. I mean, seriously, Quinnipiac, how do you find Harris plus five in Pennsylvania? How? How is that even possible? I mean, I'd be dead serious. How is it possible when everyone else, even Franklin and Marshall found Harris plus three? And for those that don't know, Franklin and Marshall is a trash pollster. You could argue they might be the worst pollster of these four. But even they found Harris up by only three. So you could argue, well, maybe within the margin of error, which is four points, it could be a Trump lead. But what's the excuse for Quinnipiac or even The New York Times? I mean, how do you find Harris plus four, Harris plus five right now? Would everyone else, even the Washington Post or even Franklin and Marshall, they're finding the race, you know, within the margin of error. That's what they're finding. But you found Harris up by four or five points. You're telling me that not a single person at The New York Times or Quinnipiac looked at this poll instead of themselves. Hey, maybe we should redo this poll. Maybe we should conduct more surveys because this doesn't seem right. You're telling me that not a single person said that. What a pile of crap. But either way, there's four other polls that dropped that found Trump either slightly ahead or in a statistical tie with Harris. I just can't believe that the same pollsters that pull this crap every year, they're doing the same thing yet again. And people begin to look inside of the Quinnipiac and New York Times poll and they realize quickly, oh, God, this is a bad poll. Like The New York Times had like a D plus one electorate. They were claiming that Biden actually won Pennsylvania by seven back in 2020. Yeah, their sample was like a Biden plus seven sample. You can't make this up. Quinnipiac had Trump losing seniors by like three. He was up with the white vote by only one. It was a joke. And I even think The New York Times, they claim that the electorate is only like 60 percent white in Pennsylvania, which is just crazy. But that's Quinnipiac of The New York Times. They do this crap every single year. By the way, The New York Times by some miracle found the race at the national level tied. Yet they found Harris up by four in Pennsylvania. I can understand, you know, oh, maybe it's a tight race in Pennsylvania and then Trump's tied in the popular vote. I guess you could argue that's a possibility. But Harris plus four in Pennsylvania doing three points better than Biden. That is bull crap. That's not going to happen. And for those that don't believe me that these are bad polls back in 2020, Franklin and Marshall claimed Biden was going to win Pennsylvania by six, which, by the way, back in 2016, their final poll was Clinton plus 11. Yeah, they claimed a couple of days before Election Day that Clinton was going to win Pennsylvania by 11 points. She lost it by roughly one point. They were off by 12 and a 2020 they were off by roughly five points. You can't make this up. And let's look at other pollsters. Now, let's see here. You scroll down here. Oh, yeah. New York Times, Biden plus six. Quinnipiac Biden plus seven. Yeah, these same polls, even ABC News slash Washington Post. And I know you could argue that's a different pollster, but the Washington Post was involved with this poll and they found Biden up by seven. Yeah, so you're telling me that the same polls that were off by six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12 points back in 2016, back in 2020. They're finding Harris up by three or four points, maybe five, which really suggests that Harris is running far behind Biden or even Clinton at the same point because these same polls that have Harris up by three or four back in 2020 and 2016. Biden and Clinton were winning these polls by a lot more. Hell, Trump was not even leading in virtually any poll. I don't think there was one poll back in 2016. There might have been a couple, like one or two, but yeah, there was two polls out of Pennsylvania or actually just one in the final month of the election that had Trump winning Pennsylvania. And that was Trafalgar. In 2020, you had a couple, but outside of that, it was mostly Biden plus six, Biden plus seven, Biden plus ten, not Biden plus two, not Biden plus one. It was mostly Trump, just huge leads for Joe. And I decided, you know what? Let's compare these polls from 2020 to right now. And I thought something very interesting when you take the same poll, such as Emerson, they found Trump right now up by a point compared to their same poll back in 2020 in Pennsylvania. I noticed a very fascinating trend. Trump is doing better in every single poll in the RCP average compared to 2020, not just one of them, not just two of them. Every single one of them shows a shift towards Trump. Look at this. Emerson back in 2020, roughly the same time period. Again, I try to be as close to late September as possible, but Emerson in 2020, in the same time period, it was D plus five. Right now they have Trump winning. Marist, it was D plus nine. Right now it's tied. Insider advantage. D plus three back then. Right now it's R plus two. Quinnipiac. D plus eight. Right now D plus five. New York Times, a five point shift towards Trump. Suffolk, a four point shift towards Trump. CBS News, a seven point shift. Trafalgar, four point shift. CNN, a 10 point shift. Every one of these polls have shifted towards Trump and at the bare minimum by three points. So it's not just, oh, they shifted one point. Every poll in the RCP average has shifted at least three points towards Trump. Every single one of them and most of them are shifting four to five points towards Trump. What does that tell you? That tells you that every poll is suggesting Trump is doing better right now than he did back in 2020. Now, does this mean that he's going to do four to five points better in Pennsylvania? I'm not saying that, but I find it fascinating that every poll is showing Trump doing at the bare minimum three points better in Pennsylvania. With the majority of them showing a four to five point shift. I find that fascinating. It's not just one poll that that's part of a trend. No, it's every single poll that shifted like that. Every single one of them, including Trafalgar, including insider advantage, even Emerson, even New York Times. Again, we got to see what happens. I'm not saying that Trump's going to win Pennsylvania by four points or whatever, but you cannot tell me that this is a fluke that nearly every poll. Not just one of them. Every poll is showing a three to 10 point shift in Pennsylvania for Trump with the majority of them short of four to five point shift. You cannot tell me that that's just a fluke. That's a one off. If there was just a couple of polls, fine. But it's every single poll showing a shift towards Trump, including the Republican favorable ones like insider advantage. The ones everyone says they're Republican biased or they're a Republican pollster or some BS like that. I mean, seriously, insider advantage back in 2020, the same time period had a D plus three. But right now they found R plus two and even the insider mayor's, I should say, they found the race tide. CBS News tied Washington Post. They found the race tide. So you're going to tell me that every poll is a right wing poll now. I call bullshit. You cannot tell me that. Could it be a far right poll? That's bull crap. All they found was Harris right now at the same time period. She is doing worse than Biden. That that's what they found. Same thing. The New York Times. Same thing with Suffolk. They could be right. I'm not denying that. But do you find it just a little bit odd that it's every poll finding the shift every single one? Not just one of them, not just two of them. Every poll is showing a shift towards Trump. We got to see what happens. It could be a fluke, could be, you know, oh, actually the polls overstate Trump this time. I guess that's possible. But the same polls that found Trump down by 15 points back in 2020, they now found Trump down by only three or four. And they're clearly outliers. So who do I trust more? Inside Advantage, Emerson, even Trafalgar and CBS News. Or do I trust Quinnipiac, the New York Times, Suffolk, Franklin and Marshall? Who do I trust more? I'm going to go with Inside Advantage, Emerson, Trafalgar, CBS News, even CNN. I mean, like you could argue it could go to Harris fine, but a Harris plus five poll is not it's not feasible right now. That's not going to happen. She's not going to win Pennsylvania by four or five points. Anyways, folks, thank you so much for watching. If you guys did enjoy this video, smash the like button down below, subscribe, share with your friends, hit that little bell, follow the social media accounts in the description down below and of course, join the channel today. Godspeed to all of you.