 over a brand new poll released by Quinnipiac University. This poll goes over three different states, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin. For the purposes of this video, I'm just going to be focusing on Pennsylvania today. I'll be posting the Wisconsin and Michigan videos in a few days ahead of time. So first things first, we're going to go down to the state of Pennsylvania, where in Pennsylvania, viewed as a must-win state in the path to the White House, Kamala Harris, the vice president, receives 51 percent of support among likely voters. Donald Trump, the 45th and former president, receives 45 percent of the vote. Green party candidate Jill Stein and libertarian candidate Chase Oliver each receive one percent support. This compares to a Quinnipiac poll of likely voters in Pennsylvania on August 14th, when Harris received 48 percent of support and Trump received 45 percent support. Democrats back Harris 95 to 4 percent. Republicans back Trump 91 to 7 percent. Among independents, 48 percent are for Harris, while 43 percent are for Trump. In a hypothetical two-way race between Harris and Trump, Harris has a slight lead over Trump at 51 to 46 percent. In August, Harris received 50 percent of the vote and Trump received 47 percent. And looking at the enthusiasm, 70 percent of likely voters supporting Harris are enthusiastic about supporting Harris, which is up from 66 percent in August. 73 percent of likely voters supporting Trump say they are very enthusiastic about supporting him compared to 70 percent in August. The favorability ratings in Pennsylvania, 48 percent of likely voters have a favorable view of Harris, while 43 percent have an unfavorable view of her. Compared to our August, when 46 percent had her favorable, 48 percent unfavorable, that is now flipped. Harris is now more viewed positively according to this poll in Pennsylvania. Whereas 44 percent of likely voters have a favorable view of Trump, compared to 53 percent who do not, that is unchanged from August. Favorability, the catch-all for what voters think about the candidates from policy to personality to promise, tips Harris way since we last polled Pennsylvanians. A post-debate shift through small suggests voters are warming up to her, added Malloy. So that's Pennsylvania, that's the poll itself. Now we go to the average on real clear politics where Kamala Harris, thanks to this Quinnipiac poll, has now actually taken a lead in the Pennsylvania average, up to 0.6 percent now. Trump was up 0.2 percent before this poll came out. I'll show you what the numbers show right here. I'm gonna try to get, here we go. Trump had 48 percent, Harris at 47.8. Now it is up to Harris at 48.3. Trump is down to 47.7. Pennsylvania has been back and forth for the last few days, a few weeks now. It's very very close. We've seen interesting, some interesting polls here where we had about three out of four polls that showed the race to be a tie. Trafalgar had Trump up two. USA Today and Suffolk had Harris up three. Insider Advantage had Trump plus two. And then Quinnipiac so far has been the biggest margin for either candidate at Harris plus five. And to be quite honest, I'm not really too sure what to make of this poll because I don't think there's, I don't think Kamala Harris, even if she has a good night on election night, I don't think she's going to win Pennsylvania by five percentage points. So that part I'm a little skeptical about. I think Trump will outperform 46 in Pennsylvania. I could certainly see Harris, if she wins the state, getting 50 to 51 percent of the vote though. I could see that. So I don't really question Quinnipiac support for Harris in this. I question Trump's support at 46 percent. The margin of error is 2.7 percent. The sample size is 1331. I think it'd be more likely that if this poll is correct, it'd be more like 51 49 for Trump, for Harris, excuse me, in Pennsylvania, where Trump gets up to 49 and Harris wins by two. I'm having a very hard time seeing how in 2016 and 2020 Pennsylvania was decided by two points or less. And now Harris is leading Trump here by five points when every other poll except for one has the race at three, at two points or under, aside from USA Today, which had it at three points or under and a 4.4 percent margin of error. I was did a little bit of digging and I'm just going to show you really quickly a poll from back in 2020 where Quinnipiac was around this time. So the closest Quinnipiac poll I could find around this date and time was October 1st to October 5th that Quinnipiac did. And in this poll, Quinnipiac had Biden at 54, Trump at 41, a plus 13 margin. And just for the sake of argument, the middle of October poll of Quinnipiac had Biden plus eight. And that was the final one before the election ended up being 1.2 percentage points. So at least in 2020 Quinnipiac very much not overestimated Biden support a little bit. The final poll at 51, Biden got 50, so that was pretty accurate, but very much underestimated Trump support in Pennsylvania enough where Trump was able to pick up about five, six percentage points from where the poll was. So does that discredit this current Quinnipiac poll and Trump is actually leading in Pennsylvania? That I'm more uncertain of. I think it's certainly possible for Quinnipiac in this poll to not be accurately representing Trump's stage of support in Pennsylvania, while at the same time acknowledging the fact that Harrison may have a slight lead in the state. That I'm not sure of and we're going to have to wait and see on election day. I do think that Quinnipiac has a very streaky history of over inflating the Democratic candidates margin, at least with Biden in 2020 and Harrison 2016. This is the first time where I'm thinking, yeah, I think they're probably doing that here as well, because we're going to get to the Wisconsin poll in a future video, but that's a one point race and it is just borderline impossible for Wisconsin to be a one point race and Pennsylvania to be a five point race. The states just vote so closely to each other that's just not possible. So either Wisconsin's numbers are way off or Pennsylvania's numbers are way off. And in this situation, I think it's more likely Pennsylvania's numbers are off. I think Harris is probably up in Pennsylvania, like one to two percentage points. And this poll is misrepresenting Trump's support, where I think it probably in reality is probably like 5149. But nonetheless, it's still a very good poll for Harris. Pennsylvania is a very important state. And I'm just going to show you how important it is. On the pathway to 270, Harris is 226. Trump Vance 219. If we give Pennsylvania five points, Kamala Harris put in the lean column that cuts off Trump's most important swing state for winning this election. Because even if Trump were to win North Carolina and Georgia and Arizona, three states he's currently leading in the polls right now, if Harris wins Wisconsin and Michigan and Nevada, three states she's leading in right now, she would win the presidency. That would get her over 270, 276, she would win. And let's just say hypothetically, Trump, or let's say hypothetically, Trump is able to win a state like Nevada. Okay, that's still not enough because she wins Wisconsin and Michigan. Okay, Trump wins Michigan then and loses Nevada. That gets Trump 277 to 261. That would give Trump a win. But Trump is polling better in Pennsylvania than he is in Michigan. So the odds of that happening are pretty low. Is it possible Trump can win Wisconsin and win the election and lose Pennsylvania? This is probably more probable than winning Michigan. But I for a long time now, it's felt like of the three rust belt states, the most likely one to go to Trump would probably be Pennsylvania. However, the Pennsylvania or the Wisconsin polls happen getting closer. So maybe that could be something to watch. But Pennsylvania is absolutely the most important swing state in this election. And this poll from Quinnipiac, even though I have my doubts about that it's really plus five for Harris, I don't believe that's entirely accurate. And I don't think on election day, it will be Harris plus five. It is nonetheless good news for Harris that she is a lead in this state. That will do it for today's video. Thank you so much for watching. If you enjoyed the video, please remember to give it a like. And if you really liked it, please remember to click the subscribe button and make sure you turn post notifications on so you always get notified when I post a new video that way you never miss one. Also, please remember to share this video with your friends and family if you really, really, really like the video. And remember to stay tuned because I'll be posting at least one video every single day leading up until election day. So I'd really appreciate it if you keep coming back and watching those videos. Thank you so much for watching and I hope to see you in a future video.