 Hey guys, welcome back to today's video. Today is Saturday, August 10th, 2024, and this morning, the New York Times and Sienna College released an A plus poll across three battleground states, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania, showing Kamala Harris with a four-point lead in every single battleground state. Now, where we are on our national electoral map is that Kamala Harris has been gaining ground in key and crucial swing states. States like Georgia, Arizona, North Carolina, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Nevada, the seven states, the Democratic Party has been focusing all of their efforts in for this election cycle. And Kamala Harris making these massive improvements relative to President Biden have only continued and the momentum has been built and it's gaining in a very good way for the Democratic Party. Kamala Harris now leading by four points in these three states shows a shift not only from what we saw with Biden, but potentially from the 2020 presidential election where Donald Trump lost these states, but not by four points in any of them. Joe Biden only won Wisconsin by less than a point, won Michigan by less than three points, and won Pennsylvania by a point. And largely speaking, Joe Biden didn't have a massive election performance that was commendable in the rust belt. Yes, he flipped back the states, but it wasn't to a point where we would say set up Democrats for a guaranteed victory in any election. And that isn't what's happening here with Kamala Harris, but it certainly is really good news that the Harris campaign is up four points in these states that truly are going to be the most important. The path to 270 can come directly from Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania, even if Trump was to flip states like Arizona, Georgia, and even Nevada. There's enough electoral map math there that makes it so that these states could truly be the ones that hand Kamala Harris the presidency. But it would probably be either more or less than that, depending on who wins the election. Now Kamala Harris at 50 in all these states is also a good indicator beyond that point. 50% is exactly where you want to be if you're not beyond 50% when you're looking at a lead in any type of poll. It means that you're already at a majority and that people just moving over narrowly between now and the election can put you over that majority denying any chance that Donald Trump would win by a plurality, vote splitting, whatever it might be. These are defining numbers that are very, very positive for Kamala Harris. And the fact is the consistency is what I find to be the most interesting about it all is that 50 to 46 in these three battleground states and keep in mind this is an A plus rated pollster. I find this to be something that is really substantial when they come from high quality vetted really good research polls because the New York Times in Santa Ana College is exactly that. That's why it was a warning sign when they had Trump up in battleground states in older maps. That's why it was a warning sign when they had Joe Biden's favorability rating dipping for the first time during the Afghanistan withdrawal. That's why a lot of these different things that they pull and research on, it makes major news and major headway in the mediaverse because of the fact that these are high quality polls. And so what we found here is with this lead in these three states, it really gives a sense of security to Democrats in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania that sure may not and should not translate to a sense of complacency. But absolutely explains why people, you know, choosing someone like Tim Walz was a good choice, why Kamala Harris being the replacement nominee for it was a good choice. I mean, pretty much affirming everything we already knew in terms of vibes and fundraising and excitement and enthusiasm, whatever it might be, pretty much this has just shown that not only was this doing better for Kamala Harris, it's getting even better. Now expanding to the largest lead we've seen in these three states, according to new polls here, that's good news for the Democratic Party. And you can see on the averages, they weren't exactly, you know, massively in favor for Kamala Harris. The new poll today from the New York Times hasn't been added in to the Wisconsin average. So before this poll was released, Harris was up by one point on average. In Pennsylvania, she was up by 0.9 percent. The New York Times poll also has not been included on this average here. 0.9 percent lead for Kamala Harris, that will undoubtedly jump up. And in Michigan, Kamala Harris ahead by two, again, New York Times and Sienna College poll not included on this average here, point being a two-point lead then will likely turn into three-point lead. Pennsylvania to maybe a one-two-point lead. Wisconsin to a two-three-point lead. Massive improvements relative to where Biden was, marginal improvements relative to where Kamala Harris was, but all, all, all, all in the right direction. And a lot of this is because the fact that the American public now views Kamala Harris in a very different way than they did before she was the nominee for president. Right now, the unfavorability numbers are just 5.6 percent higher than the favorability rating numbers, which is a massive, massive turnaround for Kamala Harris from where she was before. For the entire duration of the presidency, with the exception of this honeymoon period, from January 2021 to July 2021, Kamala Harris has been disapproved of quite tremendously. It got really bad around the time of the Afghanistan withdrawal, but even before then, she started to see a dip in approval, and she was unfavored pretty much nationwide. And then the trend line continued. More and more people started to dislike Kamala Harris. It started to get worse. Negative double digits approval throughout nearly the entirety of her vice presidency, and it really didn't get better. At different points in time, even leading up to the announcement that Joe Biden was leaving the race, 17 percent was the delta between unfavorable and favorable across the nation. The majority of the nation had an unfavorable view of Kamala Harris, roughly a third of the nation, just a third, had a favorable view of Kamala Harris. And so to see this massive, massive overturn from where it was before, again, day of the dropout, we saw Kamala Harris down nearly 20 points nationally. Today, she is down just five. And 43 percent of the nation has a favorable view of Kamala Harris that is the highest it has been since July 20th of 2021. So massive, massive gains here. Sorry, July 2021, not July 20th, massive gains for Kamala Harris and overall approval. And so being down again, 5.6 percent also means that the unfavorability rating has now dropped below 50 percent, meaning the majority of the nation no longer views Kamala Harris as unfavorable. And that is a good thing. And she outflinks Donald Trump when you look at levels of favorability rating. What you're seeing here is that 8.2 percent more people have an unfair 8.2 percent delta between the unfavorable and favorable numbers for Donald Trump. It's getting better for Kamala Harris. It's only continuing to rise. And that is a huge thing for her electability and her odds, because I think this is exactly why you're starting to see Kamala Harris do quite well in these battleground states, do quite well on the national level as well, because the national polls have also shifted. You can see when it was a Biden versus Trump rematch, we saw that Biden was down nationally, two, three points on average. Today, she's up by two. That's at least a five point swing. And that's with 80 days to go. The Democratic Party has a really unique point to where they have been able to change the way people perceive their candidates months out from the election. Back in 2020, her favorability rating numbers were not good after that 2019 and 2020 presidential bid. It did not look good for her favorabilities, for how people perceived her X, Y and Z until she was actually put in the position where the national spotlight was on her. She spoke directly to the people. She had the ability to reshape the way that Americans viewed her. And it worked. And by the time we reached the election, she became someone with a positive approval rating. Unlike Mike Pence, unlike Donald Trump, she was able to turn it around. And based on what we are seeing right now, it is very possible that she is turning it around as well. We can see it in these battleground states and performance. We can see it in her own favorability rating numbers. We can see it in the Democratic Party's odds at victory. There are so many different metric points that tell us right now Kamala Harris is in fact turning around this election and the New York Times poll today only affirms that point even more. And so they also published an article talking about the worst three weeks of Donald Trump's 2024 campaign. And you know what, they're right. I want to talk about this in the future because I think this can genuinely sum up exactly what we need to know about the past three weeks. They have been the worst three weeks of this campaign that was launched in 2022. And no point in time did Donald Trump really ever see a position where he was dropping so rapidly in election odds, dropping so rapidly in terms of overall performance, in terms of expectation, in terms of fundraising. I mean, Donald Trump had a very, very, very large amount of momentum going into Joe Biden dropping out. There was so much around him, the assassination attempt, JD Vance announcement, the RNC had passed. And so it looked like Donald Trump was unbeatable that this election would be one and done. Called on election night, no consideration in these battleground states, Trump was in it to win it. And that's what it seemed like until Joe Biden dropped out of the race. And since then, it has been the worst three weeks of Donald Trump's 2024 campaign. Because for a very long period of time, and I had this in my own prediction, it very much looked like Donald Trump was on track to win or come very, very close. Because leading up to the first presidential debate, I will admit, I had Joe Biden starting to do better because he was rebounding in the polls, starting to see improvements in battleground states. But then the debate was a complete collapse for President Biden, and then his numbers never really recovered. And so from then on, we had an election prediction, I released it right after the debate, showing Donald Trump with a 312 electoral vote victory over Joe Biden, a massive, massive gain compared to where it would be in 2020, and even a better performance than he had against Hillary Clinton. And so 312 to 226, I say this a lot. So if you're a long time viewer, you've been watching my videos recently, you know, I love to use this point. But it would be the worst democratic performance in the 21st century. And that's where we were with Biden as the nominee on the day he dropped out. And so now we are seeing differences in the way people receive the race, the political betting markets are starting to change this morning, we saw that they shifted up 52 to 46 yesterday, if you saw my video, I made a video covering how the fact that they flip for the first time this election season 49 to 47. Now they're even better for Kamala Harris, she has a 62% chance of Michigan, 56% chance of Pennsylvania, 56% chance of Wisconsin, she's now the favorite in Nevada, Arizona is even narrower, Georgia is even narrower than before, North Carolina even is getting into territory where it may even be alongside the same states as Georgia, Arizona, Nevada, etc. And so really, 52 to 46 is already a game for Kamala Harris, well, yesterday, three point gain in terms of odds and chances based on the betting markets. And so it's so, so, so incredibly fascinating that we are at this point, where we come out from an election, where Donald Trump should have been raising, you know, a lot of money, the conviction helps him raise more money that he could use in battleground states, yada, yada, yada, yada, the assassination attempt, again, the RNC, JD Vance, all of these things that should in theory, should in theory have helped Donald Trump as a candidate, and then Joe Biden drops out of the race. And so I also will say, what I'm excited to see, just generally, regardless what side of the aisle you're on, more data points on favorability ratings, more data points on swing states, because it is always an interesting thing to see them change over time. For instance, it's very clear that people do not like JD Vance, they do not like Donald Trump, they like Kamala Harris, but they love Tim Walz, up 14 points in terms of overall net favorables in battleground states. This is where favorability ratings can really, really help because Kamala Harris can, you know, talk to voters and say, this is who I am, this is my story, you may not have known me in the same way as I was as the vice presidential contender, now that I'm the forefront of this ticket, here's who I am, and here's my story. And that is resonating with voters. JD Vance and Donald Trump, on the other hand, really aren't. I mean, we've talked about how JD Vance was probably the worst pick that Donald Trump could have done for Vice President. And I genuinely mean that. JD Vance was really just dog water in terms of the possibilities that he could have, you know, who he chose, and what ended up happening. I think you were looking at the final three, none of them were really particularly that appealing. I think Nikki Haley would have been hands down the best chance. And I know we're talking about VP picks on a video about rust belt polls. But but to that point, JD Vance is unpopular, so he doesn't provide a balance to Donald Trump. Tim Walz is popular, but so is she. And he's, you know, more popular in terms of net favorables. And that's a good thing, because it means that people like him. And that's always, always, always, always an added benefit, because the VP at net balance should just never, never, never be taking away from a ticket. JD Vance is taking away from the ticket. Tim Walz is adding, and he was sort of the do no harm candidate, as many people described. But now not only is he not doing any harm, he's doing a lot of good for the Kamala Harris campaign. And I think that's also why we're starting to see some numbers here. They mentioned in the article that, you know, her numbers started to do better in the Rust Belt region after they chose Tim Walz as a nominee. And so again, this was a poll that was conducted around the time that the selection process was happening. And so people were more enthusiastic about Walz. They were super excited about him being on the ticket. And so it was definitely something that voters responded to positively in a way, at least. And so they also found that amongst voter demographics, Kamala Harris performed better than Biden did with key Democratic coalitions, doing better amongst black voters in these swing states and younger voters, and also gaining ground with older voters that can explain why Kamala Harris is ahead by four points when Biden only won Wisconsin by one, or Pennsylvania by one, or Michigan by three. The variability rating is better for her. The demographic data is better for her in terms of issues. And one thing too, and we'll talk about this tomorrow, is that in this poll, they also polled the Senate races. And guess what they found? They found that the Senate Democrats lead here by a tremendous, tremendous amount in the state of Pennsylvania. They find that in that battleground swing state swing Senate race, let's see if we can actually go ahead and find it. What they find is that Bob Casey's up double digits. Lisa Slotkin is winning. Tammy Baldwin is winning. These Democrats are having in what we can start to see as an up ballot effect, where the Democrats are so popular in the Senate races, they are now helping Kamala Harris cross that finish line, get to the magic number of 270 electoral votes, win their battleground state. And while I don't think we're going to see a circumstance in which Kamala Harris runs even with someone like Bob Casey, who is up double digits, that's never going to happen in Pennsylvania, she very well could benefit directly from the get out the vote team that he has, the mobilization that he has. There are a lot of reasons to believe that Bob Casey is in a position where he could help Kamala Harris, that Tammy Baldwin is in a position where she could help Kamala Harris. I do think Lisa Slotkin could do well. She's actually performing roughly even with where Kamala Harris is, but that's an open race, and it's not a popular incumbent and a lesser known name than you know, how Senator Tim Baldwin is taking Wisconsin and Senator Bob Casey in his state of Pennsylvania. And so final note here, these battleground state polls continue to build on this very, very long standing story since the moment that she was announced as the contender for president of the United States is that this momentum is growing. It's been brewing, it's been gaining, it's been building, and it only continues to build. We are into the Democratic Convention in around a week, we will be watching the first speeches on the floor in a number of days. And so it will be very enticing to watch just how much this election is defined by what happens at this moment in time. Because elections typically ramp up after Labor Day. And that's actually good news for Donald Trump's campaign, because it means this election is by no means over. And I never really thought it was in the first place. But in the grand scheme of things, this could be one of the most defining moments for the Kamala Harris campaign and the Donald Trump campaign. And right now, every data point is suggesting that Kamala Harris is taking it out of the park. She's doing really well, hitting it out of the park. She's doing really well in terms of who's coming to her rallies. She's doing really well in terms of endorsements from organizations that never endorse presidential candidates. She's doing really well in polling data relative to Biden and arguably just relative to general Democratic performance. Kamala Harris is in a strong position for this election. She could still lose, but she will still be in a position. But right now she is still very much in a position she was in yesterday and the day before, which is being on track for victory and on track for an Electoral College win that could be even bigger than Joe Biden's that's yet to be seen, but not at all out of the realm of possibility 10 weeks ago that was never even in the books. So thank you guys so much for watching this video. Make sure to comment down suggestions below. Subscribe on the left if you haven't already and check out the Instagram and Twitter. At the top left of the screen there's also a Discord server if you go ahead and join. On the screen is a video you can watch and then a playlist for my 2024 presidential election analysis videos. Again, thank you guys so much for watching and I will see you all tomorrow.