 Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris portraying herself as an underdog candidate and a fighter She addressed her party's convention on this closing night here in Chicago right now We're getting reaction to the vice president's speech from some undecided voters in the crucial battleground of Pennsylvania Seeing as Gary Tuchman is in Allentown. So Gary who's with you and what are they saying about the speech? Well Anderson we do come to you from Allentown in the heart of the beautiful Lehigh Valley in eastern, Pennsylvania And we are with eight residents of the Lehigh Valley Who've been watching television with us tonight and watching Kamala Harris's speech? I do want to say they have all of something in common as you said Anderson None of these people before tonight have made a decision about who they will vote for in November and at least one person here before Tonight wasn't sure she was going to vote at all because she isn't like either of the candidates Also what they have in common five of these people they are all five of them loyal union members from the UAW local United auto workers here in the Lehigh Valley. So thank you all for being here first thing I want to ask you I want you to grade the speech Okay, a is excellent be above average C average D below average. We all know what F is. Let's start with you How do you grade the speech? I gave her a B plus B B plus a B plus a a C C so mostly A's and B's with one C I'm gonna ask you why you made the decision you made first I'll be start with Scott who is the president of the UAW local here in the Lehigh Valley Scott What what grade did you give it again? I'll be plus I'll come I gave her the high grade because I thought she looked very confident. I Liked how she spoke from her heart. I liked her message of unity and the division that we have in America I like her fight for the middle class and families The reason I didn't give her her an A was I thought She needed to go into a little more detail on some of her plans How she would you know do some of the things that she envisioned? Okay, Lindsay, you're in sales You're the person who wasn't sure she was gonna vote for anybody because you don't like either these two candidates I'll ask you more about that in a minute. But first what grade did you give the speech? I gave it a B How come I thought it was a good speech. I mean she did what she was supposed to do I like that she was talked about her upbringing made it feel a little more like personal Yeah, that was a good speech. Okay, Andy, you're also with the UAW make cars and trucks for us Americans So thank you for that along with the rest of you your grade again was B plus. How come B plus? I liked her plan in for the middle class. I got my wife my wife's nurse. I'm an auto worker I'm as middle class as you can get I just felt she should go a little more in depth But I don't know because I understand you can't really go in as in depth in these speeches But a little bit more would have been nice. Okay, Donna is your mother? Yes, Donna's a retired dental hygienist Donna what grade did you give it again? I gave her an A and how come an A because she hit all the points That I wanted to know about I wanted to know more about her her economic Policies her foreign policy. I know she couldn't go into depth about about that But I mean I felt that she looked very presidential. She sounded presidential and I think she's gonna be a unifier. Yeah, by the way going into tonight Andy was 60 40 with Kamala Harris as you were 50 50 which is interesting We'll talk more about that in a second Patrick also with the UAW the way you gave it again a B plus How come B plus? Well, she was very confident in what she was saying She showed leadership ability and understanding of the topics at hand But again, she didn't go in depth I did like what she said about what she's gonna try to do for the middle class about a tax break for us Which would be very nice But still a little bit more information on some of the things that she's playing on doing Sean also with the UAW the grade you gave it again. I gave her an A. How come I was looking for policy information I really wanted to see some substantive policy information. I thought she did give enough I like what she gave on military what she wants to do for our veterans and with border control I just think that she has a lot of good ideas and she's a very well-spoken. I think she was very professional Sabrina is your daughter and also a UAW member helping to make cars and trucks for America. You're great again. Hey, how come in? I think she was very well-spoken She was very clear on what her policies were and elaborated on them with the time given and the fact that she's Wants to bring back rights for women and Brian you're you're in real estate You're a nice guy too like everyone in this panel and you gave the only C. How come you gave a seat? She wasn't clear enough on the on the policies She did speak a lot of her personal history on her personal history Which was great, but I I still Don't feel like she's ready. I feel like More so She should wait I don't want to per se vote for someone that is a backup All right. Well, but I'm gonna ask you shortly. You're obviously not ready to vote for Kamala Harris I'm sure about that. But what I want to ask all of you all together at this point Like I said, none of you were ready to make a commitment to any candidate November Please raise your hand right now if you're now ready to make a commitment after today Wow, I'm just kind of surprised about we haven't rehearsed this Seven of you are now ready Scott yes, I'm gonna vote for a Kamala Harris Andy. Yeah Don't I'm voting for her also Shawn Shawn yes, I'm Kamala Sabrina. Karma Patrick. Come on Brian Trump Trump and finally Lindsay Still probably not voting don't you don't like either of them? Nope Okay, what led to you all making the decision? Was it that decisive of an evening Scott? Yeah, I really as I said before I really liked her confidence. She's really seen presidential She seemed very confident. I could said she she spoke from her heart I like how she filled you in on her background that she struggled her mother struggled All right middle-class family Donna you were 5050 going into the evening. What made you make a decision? well, I've been doing research since she was you know, the nominee and I like what I'm reading and Here I've been watching the convention and her speech was just you know That just sold me and Brian you decided on Trump. What what about tonight? Because when we met last week you were undecided. What about tonight made you decide you were gonna vote? Um, I You know her her speech was great. I like how she went into personal history again It was just not moving for me, but it made you think that Trump's a better candidate than her he's Here for it. He's a little bit more aggressive She's aggressive in her way, but I think she'll be aggressive in the next term So Trump over Harris for you Harris over Trump for most of you what I will tell you 75 days now until election day. So Lindsay you have a few more nights to sleep on it Thank you all for coming and joining us we appreciate it. Thank you. And back to you Gary Tuckman. Thanks. That was fascinating Because instead of talking about the Trump curious which we often talk about we have Kamala curious There are some people who still want to know more they're not all the way there And I think you know that that is gonna be an interesting dynamic in some of these Battleground states where there are still swing districts I don't necessarily believe we can have wild swings the way we used to given gerrymandering etc But there are people who want to know more You know one of the things that was said on there's no doubt about that that you know One of the disadvantages she has, you know, and Scott's talked about it a lot is she's the vice president. So What did she do as vice president? The advantage she has is people don't know a lot and they're getting new information and that new information Certainly the way she told her story tonight the way she shared her views was I think important The two things that I want to mention is I think that the line that probably tested best in this whole Speech was I will be a president for the whole Country because that's such a contrast with the way Trump presents himself and then the whole end of the speech was a pay on to America and Basically going after the idea of denigrating the country which has been so part and parcel of Trump's But I think people like to think of America as a as a positive place And that was the tenor of the end of her speech and I think it was very powerful