 Okay, let's talk a little bit about your endorsement. Why did you think it was important for you to come out with this endorsement for Harris? Well, the international general president has the sole discretion on a national endorsement. And when we seen that they were gonna stay neutral, our executive board who have been Harris and Wal's supporters said it's time that we understand that Michigan is a battleground state. And on the behalf of 245 active in retirees in Michigan, our members want to make sure that we don't lose Michigan and Wal's and Harris are the ticket that we're gonna bring home in Michigan. Now, because there is this, how would you explain to the audience the difference between the international teamsters and Michigan teamsters? Well, each joint council in every state in the country under the teamsters umbrella has a joint council to the president and members that reside into that joint council, their membership. And they have sole discretion of their state and how they're going to move their agendas for workers and endorsements. And in Michigan, we understand this is a blue wall state. We've seen four years of Donald Trump. It's the same old rhetoric and we're not going back to Tim Walz and Kamala Harris, give us a vision for all people, working class people, not just teamsters, not just unions, even though all the unions at Michigan support the Harris-Wals campaign. In our teamster world and around this country, people forget that the retirement plans in this country were going to fault the default. And Kamala Harris was deciding vote as vice president and walked into the chamber of Congress, walked up to the podium, banged a gavel and protected millions of people's pension in this country. And it wasn't a gift, it was 40 years of hard work. And she made sure that they could retire with dignity and respect. She's not afraid to say unions, but she's also supportive of all middle-class workers in this country because we understand that the middle class is the engine that makes the economy run. Okay, let me ask you, why is this the right endorsement for Michigan, especially in light of what the international teamsters have declined to make a statement on? Well, because Michigan is a battleground state and we in Michigan live and work here. You remember, we went through 38 years of Republican control in Michigan and governor and the House and Senate. We caught the right to work legislation trying to destroy unions and middle-class workers in Michigan. And in her second term, along with getting the House and the Senate, for the first time in 38 years, the Democrats have control. And we repealed right to work. We did the large of infrastructure bill. Kamala Harris and Tim Walls have the same vision as we do here in Michigan. They are all about working class families, whether you're a union member where you receive a pension or your healthcare. Healthcare is majorly important, whether you're a union or a regular citizen. And to be able to now, for the first time, negotiate for our seniors for the cost of healthcare, her vision is to make sure that cost is passed on to all Americans. So their whole vision is nothing about middle-class America. She's grown up that way, she's lived that way. And her vision is for sure that she helps change the right path for middle-class America. And is there anything that you'd wanna say to teamsters in Michigan or those who support teamsters in Michigan? Well, we talk to them on a weekly basis. They give us the vision to do what we're doing here. They elect us to lead. And they understand the importance of Michigan, making sure that we win Michigan in this battleground race and for the presidential election. And we're all committed. The whole house of labor, our team members are committed. Yes, you have percentages of people that support the other side. This is America, you can do what you want. But the overall majority of Michigan teamsters at all the labor unions in Michigan understand that Kamala Harris and Tim Walz give us the best opportunity to move forward from hatred, visceral comments, they're desecrating our veterans. I've come a third generation veteran family and they should be honored and cherished, not disgraced. And Kamala Harris and Tim Walz who wore a uniform for 24 years, surely gets that. And Kamala Harris will never stop fighting for middle-class Americans. She's done it since she was a prosecutor in California. She understands the struggles. And I believe her economic package, the protection package of women in this country, her firefighters, police officers for working class people. We teamsters now and labor movement in Michigan, they understand what essential workers are. We worked through the whole pandemic. We delivered home goods and food and healthcare products. Our members went to work every day during that and we lost hundreds of members dying due to COVID, but they got up and went to work every day. They didn't complain, our nurses struggled through COVID. And so the middle-class workers at Michigan, whether you're a union or not, understand that Kamala Harris and Tim Walz give you the best vision to wake up and stop the hatred, have joy and love each other again and bring back America.