 That's right. That's the next primary Anderson this Tuesday here in the state of Michigan. And we're not only with voters. We're with voters who are American heroes. These people are members of the Veterans of Foreign Wars post 4553 in Southwest Detroit. It's nice to be with you. Thanks for inviting us. We are inside the post right here. We have two Republicans, two Democrats, this gentleman on the five in the back, independents. We're going to ask you all because you all can vote Democratic and Republican primary on Tuesday here. First of all, our two Republicans. This is Rich and Colleen. You saw Donald Trump once tonight. Do you think it's time for Nikki Haley to call it quits? Yeah. Why do you think so? She says she got almost 40 percent of the vote. That's four out of ten South Carolinians or what? That could be a tough road, tough way to climb. What do you think, Colleen? I don't think that she has enough momentum to unify the Republican Party behind her. Donald Trump is in legal trouble right now. He's in peril. Could be a convicted felon next few months. Could that possibly change your minds about voting for him in the general election once that comes? No. Not at all. No. Not at all. No. Okay. Think you might be too old? Just a number. Just a number. How old are you if you don't mind me asking? 77. Okay. Young 77, right? No. Okay. I'm not going to ask your age. Don't worry about it. Gentlemen, the two Democrats want to ask you. You both told me that you are ready to vote for Joe Biden on Tuesday. Same kind of question to them. Do you think that Joe Biden might be too old for this job? No. Why not? Well, for one thing, I remember when at the end of Obama's term, they wanted him to run for president then, and he turned it down because of the way that the country treated the Obamas. He didn't want this job. He only decided to take this job once he found out Trump was going to be president. So you don't think he's too old for the job? No, not too old. What about you? I think he's a little too old. But Biden is old. Trump is old. Four years younger. About the same age. Tell me, Bill and Gitmo, tell me you're both veterans, Vietnam veteran. Yeah. Does your hat say Vietnam veteran? And you too, by the way? Veteran. Okay. And you? I am not a veteran. But who are you here with? All of my family is. Okay. So we have spouses. We also have friends of veterans who are here also. Now, on the back, the independents. We first want to ask you, Jeff and Corey. Yes. Both of you have told me that you weren't sure if you were going to vote in the primary, your independents. But you're leaning towards both of you, Nikki Haley. Tell me why. If you do vote. Well, first of all, as we talked about earlier, I think the whole system is broken. And that's why you're thinking of not voting. Correct. But why are you leaning towards Nikki Haley? What will convince you to vote for on Tuesday? Her speech. Just now? Her speech? Just now, her speech. Why are you impressed with the speech? I was. I was. And she asked me. She actually gave me a spark of hope that there is some new blood that could do the country well. And when did you serve and where did you serve? I served in Iraq in 2003. Thank you for your service. Corey, what about you? Pretty much the same thing. Just looking at the two factors of the age of the other two contestants and what's going to go on. It looks like if she's... I like how you call them contestants. Like, if the price is right. Yeah. Well, that's pretty much like it is. I'm glad you called it like that. So me and you both are on the same wavelength. And tell me where you served when you served. Desert Storm. Desert Storm, 93 United States Marine Corps. This gentleman right in the middle is the commander of this post, Jeffrey. You're an independent also. Yes, I am. You said you're fed up and you're not voting. I'm not voting in the primary. Okay, but why aren't you voting in the primary? You could vote Democratic primary or Republican primary. Why? Why waste my time? Why is it wasting your time? No, you want me to... I vote in the election but not in the primary. Okay, so do you know who you're going to vote for in November? No. Well, one, we're going to have to see who's alive. Two... Alive, you mean... Okay, you think people are old. They're both 80 years old. But you had Nikki Haley though too. It's 52. Well, let's see if Nikki Haley wins the nomination. We got to see who's the dog in the fight. So you'd consider Nikki Haley? Eh, I don't really follow politics. Tell me where you served. Iraq in 0405, Afghanistan in 2010, 2011. Thank you for your service. Gentlemen, I want to ask you the same question. This is Don in Pancho. Don, you're an independent. You told me that you're strong Trump supporter though. I'm Sal. Oh, so I apologize. I apologize. I talked to a man named Don who left us. He was sitting in that very chair. Correct. But anyway, Sal, my apology. Tell me where you served by the way. I served in Iraq 2003 and 2004. You told me though you're a strong Trump supporter. I am. How come you're not a Republican? Well, I am. Technically I am, but I'm not happy with the with the RNC, the National Committee, how it's been run. Why is that? Well, uh, Not strident enough. They just haven't been supporting the candidates, the right candidates either. But you think they should support Trump more than they even have. Oh, yeah, definitely. And Pancho, I'm getting your name right, right? Yes, sir. Okay, tell me where you served. I have not served, but I do have immediate family who I served and I have plenty of family members who have been in the Great. You're independent. You're for Trump also. Yes, sir. Okay. And Del, final question for you. Independent for Trump also. Independent, yeah, for Trump. You supported Trump though. Yes. Any chance you'd go for Nikki Haley on Tuesday? No, I can't. You can't. I can't because, uh, Right now she's she don't care too much about anything except for her gaining profit. When she come from being an ambassador, she made a lot of money. All right, that's that's a strong charge. But either way, you're a Trump supporter. Yeah. Gentlemen and lady, thank you very much for joining us. Thank you for your service. Thank you.