 Chairman Pete Hoekstra from the Michigan Republican Party is joining me now on the Scott Sand Show. Pete, it's great to have you on. It is great to connect. Thank you for being persistent. So I was beginning to get worried. I thought you might like maybe like a quarterback DJ ugulele who couldn't find his receiver. Yeah, that could be but hey, we're here. And yeah, as we talked football real quick, I think you're a Michigan guy, right? Am I remembering that correctly? I don't know anybody in Michigan who's not a Michigan guy. I think there's a few Sparty's but not that many. I'm an SEC guy. I'm in Big 10 territory. I know we got the fantastic Toledo Rockets here in our town. But a big game this weekend, Michigan, Texas, that's going to be the football game of the week, I believe. I think I think you're absolutely right. It's going to be a a maze out at the stadium on Saturday. I think I've got I think I've got tickets. So I'll be there. So it'll be a great Saturday. That'll be a great game. Hopefully the rain will hold off for the game in the big house as well, which that place can you do something? I mean, you got a lot of clout there in the state of Michigan. Can you do something about the traffic coming out of the game at the big house? I think I'm still trying to get out of the game. I went to two years ago. It's all about location, location, location. If you know where to park, you can get out of you got a relatively short walk to the stadium and you can get out of there very, very quick. But for our Ohio fans, we don't tell them about, you know, we don't tell them about those locations. Right. We're talking to Michigan GOP chair Pete Hoekstra on the Sked Sand Show. Race is tightening the national race between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris has tightened in Michigan. It's within the margin of error, obviously. And depending on which poll you look at, it's anywhere from from a Trump plus point to to a Harris plus 3%. What are you hearing on the ground? What is your feel in Michigan today? I am. I'm very, very optimistic. Number one, Trump usually outperforms the polls by about four or five points. He did that in Michigan, both in 16 and 20. But it's not about the polls. You're absolutely right. What are you hearing on the ground? You know, the people continue to complain and they're concerned about, you know, cost of living inflation, the cost of electricity, cost of insurance, all of those types of things. Any other just worried that under a Harris administration, it's going to continue. Michigan and I would think Ohio auto workers ought to be taking a look at what's going on in Germany. Germany in Germany this past weekend, Volkswagen announced that it may be closing plants and it may be laying off workers the first time they've thinking of doing that since 1994. What's pushing it? Cheap Chinese imports. And with the way that the Biden, Harris and in Michigan, the Whitmer agenda have been pushing Chinese public support for Chinese vehicles, Chinese batteries and those types of things. You know, you a W workers, their jobs are on the line in this election. And I think they're figuring that out. And they're going to come back to Donald Trump in 2024, just like they supported him in 2016. And we've got we're doing really, you know, for Republicans, Donald Trump is doing pretty well with the black vote across the state. So every I think I think Harris peaked last not this past weekend, but the weekend before I think she peaked eight or nine days ago. And it's there's only one way for her to go. And that's down. And I think Donald Trump is going to benefit from that. Let's talk about the union vote. Obviously, Detroit Union town, Toledo, Lucas County is a union area as well. And unions in general, as an organization tend to support Democrats. But we've we've started to see a populist shift among string and file members of many unions towards Donald Trump towards Republican policies, because they work, especially when you're looking at the impact of democratic policies on your wallet on on the cost of gas, on control of your life, whether or not you can eat meat and what kind of car you can drive. Those are things that affect all of us and not the not the political support that some of the party leaders, some of the union leaders may may get from supporting some of these candidates. I think that's that's exactly right. It is about the economy, it is going to be about jobs. And I think they see Donald Trump Trump fighting for their jobs. I mean, this is a guy that is related to union workers, construction workers, and those types of folks. They're very smart, they're talented people. And they make a very, very good living. And they see that that is being jeopardized. And whatever they keep, the government keeps taking more and more of it for, like you're like you said, the things that politicians want, you know, green cars, uh, you know, don't eat beef anymore. And those and, you know, these folks are just saying, no, no, I like my beef. Right. I like my I like my pickup truck. I mean, you go to the U.P. of Michigan, I was just up there. I took a I took a picture of the parking lot in the hotel we were staying at. And it was just one big pickup truck after another. You know, and it's like they like the big pickup truck. Don't tell me I got to drive, you know, a vehicle that's much smaller and, you know, maybe have it maybe has a Chinese battery in it. And it's an electric vehicle, which doesn't get me very far. So they kind of like their freedom. Right. Don't tell me what to eat. Don't tell me what to drive. Don't tell me what kind of stove to cook on. Don't tell me where I can stay. I that it's the bottom line. It's it's our right as Americans. And look, I've got I've got nothing inherently against electric vehicles. Personally, I think the technology that you see in a Tesla in a Rivian is pretty amazing technology. But I don't know if I'm going to buy that car, if I'm going to buy that Tesla, what's going to happen when I have to go to replace all four tires much sooner than ever before? Because the vehicle weighs four times more than than my current vehicle. What's going to happen when I when I have to replace that AV battery in 610-15? We don't know. My my Jeep is 15 years old and runs as good as it did on day one when I got it. I know that for a fact. It's a little bit of maintenance. It's affordable maintenance. I don't know what it's going to cost to get to maintain and upkeep a Tesla. Nor do I know if I'm even going to be able to get the damn thing to start on a when it's snowed 12 inches in Northwest Ohio on a on a January day. No, that's absolutely right. Yeah, I drive a I drive a hybrid. I drive one of little Ford Maverick pickup trucks. I love it. But that technology has been around for 20 years. The all electric vehicle, the technology is not ready for prime time. It's why Ford, GM, Stellantis, why they're all scaling back their EV investments, because the technology is just not there. And they were getting a tremendous amount of pressure from the federal government and state governments to go EV to be politically correct, not because the market was driving them to this type of a solution. And the bottom line is, why if you're living in Michigan or Ohio or Indiana, why would we be transferring and investing in technology that is centered in China, a direct military threat to America's position? Why would we lose the Midwest as being the hub of the automobile industry for the world? Why would we be transferring it with, you know, taxpayer dollars to China? It makes absolutely no sense. Where there's technology wise, national security, it's crazy. Where they're using child labor to destroy the environment of China to mine for the minerals required in these electric vehicle batteries. Make it make sense, Pete. None of it makes sense. We're talking to Michigan GOP chair Pete Hoekstra on the Scott Sancho. Before we're out of time, the other race that I'm watching closely in Michigan is my friend Mike Rogers running for Senate against Ellis Slotnik. How's that race look? I think Rogers is a great candidate. You know, they're running neck and neck. Mike had the same job in Congress that I did. Yeah. You know, he was chairman of the intelligence committee. So was I. You know, he's got the perfect profile for a senator from Michigan support the transportation industry, but also support our national security. I think Mike's going to win this. We're going to carry Michigan for Trump. We're going to carry the top of the ticket with Trump and with Mike Rogers. We're going to have a Republican senator. That's pretty bold prediction. What are you doing in the state of Michigan under a governor, Gretchen Whitmer, to protect the vote, to protect the election integrity of the people of Michigan? We got to take her and her folks to court just about every day. They, you know, Michigan law says if you hire a poll worker, you hire one Republican, one Democrat. In the city of Detroit, they hired one, two, three, four, five, six, seven Democrats, and then they would hire a Republican. And they kept using that same proportion. Have to take him to court. In Michigan, we have 53 counties where we have more registered voters than we have eligible voters. Guess what? We got to take him to court. You know, those are basics and Whitmer and her secretary of state, they're not following the law and they're not cleaning up their voter records. So we're doing everything we can through the courts to kind of restore integrity to this process. Now you're a busy man. I'd love to have you on the show again before the election as we get closer. Appreciate it. And we'll make it easier next time. And since you and Mike Rogers were both chair of the House Intel Committee, which one of you can tell me the truth about UFOs? We both can. Okay. But we didn't have to do serious things to you.