 This past week, Donald Trump gave a speech in Potterville, Michigan, and during the speech, he said that as he was driving up to this small venue in Potterville, there were thousands and thousands of people outside as far as the eye could see that were there as he was driving up. It turns out, like everything he says, this is totally false. Hat tip to Channel 6 News, WLNS, some great local reporting. They got their hands on footage of the moment Donald Trump was driving up to this venue where he gave this unhinged and very bizarre speech. And guess what? There were not thousands and thousands of people as far as the eye can see as he was driving up. There actually weren't that many people outside. Let me show you the moment Donald Trump was driving up as captured by WLNS. Play this clip. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. WLNS. Kristy, that's what it is. That's what it is. That's what it is. That's what it is. You know, outside they won't ever report this. They don't have a report. Outside you have thousands and thousands of people they couldn't get in. They didn't get seats like you guys. guys. They didn't get the seats that you got. Believe me, but you have thousands and thousands of people outside as far as the eye could see as we're driving up. So surprise, surprise. He's lying. Once again, let's take a look at the report by WLNS. It says, fact check Trump claim thousands line the streets in Potterville. And it says that he said that there were thousands of people as far as the eye can see. However, when they got to the footage, it was obvious that that was not the case. In fact, Potterville has a total population of 3,055 people, according to the 2020 us census. Now, so what Donald Trump does at all of these, all of these events, he always lies about the crowd sizes. And one of the other things he does is he like waves to nobody while he's getting on his airplane or while he's showing up at events. And there's quite literally nobody there. He'll leave one of the buildings that he has his name on and he'll wave. And then the campaign will later like edit in people with him. It's all projection and confession. You know, like he accuses vice president Kamala Harris of using AI crowds and things like that. Meanwhile, Donald Trump gives himself fake AI endorsements of Swifties and Taylor Swift. We're not endorsing him and Donald Trump continues to do stunts like that. So let me just show you, here's a montage our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski made of Donald Trump as he would get on his airplane or he'd show up at like a NASCAR event or wherever he would go. He waves to nobody. Um, or like in the case of NASCAR, he waved at the stadium, but they were not waving to him. They were there to watch the NASCAR races here. Watch this montage our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski made play this clip. Yeah. Yeah. And look all Donald Trump does his lie and lie about crowd sizes. Former president Barack Obama pointed this out during his incredible DNC speech here. Play this clip. The people who will decide this election are asking a very simple question. Who will fight for me? Who's thinking about my future, about my children's future, about our future together? One thing is for certain. Donald Trump is not losing sleep over that question. Here's a 78 year old billionaire who has not stopped whining about his problems since he wrote down his golden escalator nine years ago. It has been a constant stream of gripes and grievances that that's actually been getting worse now that he's afraid of losing the common. There's the childish nicknames, the crazy conspiracy theories, this weird obsession with crowd sizes. It just goes on and on. I have to tell you about this game changing product I use before a night out with drinks. It's called pre alcohol. Let's face it. After a night of drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I used to feel like I had to make a choice. I could either have a great night or a great next day, but now I don't have to choose. Thanks to pre alcohol, z biotics, pre alcohol, probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's actually this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your next rough day. Pre alcohol produces an enzyme that breaks this byproduct. Pre alcohol produces an enzyme that brings this byproduct down. Just remember to make z biotics your first drink of the night, drink responsibly, and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I pre alcohol before drinks, I notice a difference the next day. Even after a night out, I could confidently plan on getting up early for a workout or handling a busy work day without worry. I won't lie. I was a bit on the fence about pre alcohol at first, but then while hanging out with some friends at a rooftop bar, I gave it a shot. I had my first pre alcohol before my go to margarita and the next morning, I felt amazing. Just like my normal self ready to take on the day. I kept hearing about pre alcohol and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I believe the hype and with their GMO technology, the z biotics is working on more products to address other toxic byproducts of modern living in the gut. Go to z biotics.com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order when you use the code Midas at checkout. That's M E I D A S. Z biotics is backed by a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money. No questions asked. Remember to head to z biotics.com slash Midas and use that code Midas M E I D A S at checkout for 15% off. Again, one of the things that Donald Trump said at the latest speech he gave, I think he gave one in Pennsylvania on Friday where he talked about, he goes, no one talks about how big my crowd sizes are. There was 107,000 people in New Jersey. This is what he said on Friday. Play this clip. And they say he had a hundred thousand people. You know, New Jersey, we had 107,000 people. They never would like to report it. So I say it, but in Wildwood, New Jersey, they announced 107,000 people. And remember that speech he gave in New Jersey was actually in Wildwood, New Jersey. The entire venue could only hold 20,000 people. How do we know that the public relations officer said so before Donald Trump even gave that speech that it could only hold 20,000 people. So when Trump was proclaiming there was 107,000 people in Wildwood, New Jersey, it made no sense because the venue could only hold 20,000. That's what happens when you're a database network and you focus on, I don't know, things like the facts. Also, when we looked at an overhead view of the venue, there was less than half the venue that was actually full. And then if you actually look at it algorithmically and run an equation, there seemed to maybe be 6,000, 7,000, perhaps even less, perhaps even less than 5,000 people who were actually there. And in fact, a lot of the crowd walked away mid speech. Remember we caught the footage and some of the great local reporters rather caught that footage as well as people were leaving away. We reported on it here. Let me show you people walking away during the speech. Frank Sinatra and so many more. New Jersey is where General George Washington led the army to victory in Trenton and Princeton. And this is where generations of New Jersey Papians helped build this country into the single greatest nation in the history of the world. But now we are a nation in decline. We are a failing nation. We are a nation that has lost its confidence, it's lost its willpower, and it's lost its strength. We are a nation that has quite simply lost its way. But we are not going to allow this power to continue. And then Donald Trump spoke in the Bronx. He claimed there were 25,000 people. Here's the overhead view of it. You can see that there was probably less than 3,000 people in all of the Bronx. I mean, you're talking about pulling people from New York and Trump claimed that this was going to be one of the biggest events, but no, there was very few people. And actually at that event, Donald Trump had a rapper named Sleepy Hollow talking. Donald Trump was bragging about the guy's grill. And this is how Trump was showing that he was having black support. And it turns out that Sleepy Hollow, and Trump knew this, was recently indicted for being allegedly a leader of the Crips who murdered people and engaged in 12 attempted murders. Here's Donald Trump praising the grill of Sleepy Hollow. Here, play this clip. Make America great again. Thank you, folks. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you very much. Ashford, I like those teeth. I want to find out where you did. I got to get my teeth like that. I want that to happen to me. Yeah, I mean, really strange stuff here. But over and over again, this is what Trump does. You know, he'll go into a black church, fill it with white MAGA supporters and claim he's speaking at a black church. You know, he's always just bragging about these crowd sizes. And ultimately, when he goes in front of a place that's like not friendly, he'll always get booed. Remember when he spoke in front of the Libertarian Convention and they like booed him off the stage here. Play this clip. Now I think you should nominate me or at least vote for me and we should win together. You heard those words. Nominate me or vote. Vote for me. Because the Libertarians want to vote for me and most of them will. And it's very important. Remember when Donald Trump went to Philadelphia and tried to sell his gold sneakers and they booed him as well. Here, play this clip. Wow, a lot of emotion. There's a lot of emotion in this room. Thank you. Thank you. So, so the really nice thing is we have lines and I want to thank Jason. I want to thank Gallen. But we know there's a lot of instances, you know, like that over and over again. And you know, and again, this, if you want to actually take a look at crowd sizes right now, I mean, take a look at Vice President Kamala Harris's, you know, the lines that are there. You can see the line in Wisconsin. You can see the line in Savannah, Georgia, right there. You can see the energy in the crowd. And that's what's really getting under Donald Trump's skin right now is that, you know, she's filling up stadiums that are bigger than his. So he's going into these small venues and these really small kind of towns like Potterville. And then he's saying, oh, you don't even see the people. They're all lined up outside. That's where they really are. And it's just this constant line over and over again, the constant gaslighting. And it's, and it's just, it's really bizarre and it's really problematic. And then he, at the speeches themselves, you know, you want to see what it reminds you, just what he talked about in Potterville in front of the small crowd. Here's what he talked about. Billions of dollars, you know, somebody said, what do you think he lost? I said, probably two, three billion. That's okay. I don't care. They said, do you think you do it again? And that's the least of it. Nobody. They always say that, I don't know if you know, Lincoln was horribly treated. Jefferson was pretty horribly. Andrew Jackson, they say, was the worst of all, that he was treated worse than any other president. And I said, do that study again, because I think there's nobody close to Trump. I even got shot. And who the hell knows where that came from? Right? Now, these are bad people. They're sick people. You know, we have. Here's another clip of him in Potterville, Michigan. Here, play this clip. I always say there are two awards is the Medal of Honor. And oftentimes is posturvously where, you know, they're, they're not there. Oftentimes they've died in battle and they're getting the award. And then you have the civilian version, the presidential medal. And I always say, I'd rather get the presidential medal because the guys that came in, other than you and a few others, oftentimes they've suffered greatly, right? They've suffered greatly or they're not around, but it's our highest award. And it's an honor to have you here. And I'm very proud that I was able to give you the award. Thanks James. Well, I'm thankful for that local reporting, capturing that moment. And, you know, if you want to see who these Trump supporters are, I mean, they're out there holding sperm cups of JD vans. This is real, by the way, folks. They're trying to say that JD vans, this is like the Trump and JD van supporters saying how fertile he is by holding family kit cups and as part of their opposition to IVF. I mean, that's some very strange behavior right there. You've got these Trump supporters who are out there wearing diapers and saying diapers over Dems. They're wearing shirts that say, I'm with the convicted felon. I just think that right now there are so many classic Republicans, not MAGA, who are joining forces with independents and Democrats and liberals and standing up against this just complete and utter nonsense. Tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. I want to get to 3 million subscribers. Well, oh man, I'm already at 3 million subscribers with you. We got to get to 4 million subscribers together. Keep forgetting. I'll get it right at the end. 4 million subs. Let's get there. Thank you.