 Hi, everybody. I'm Brittany Lewis, a breaking news reporter here at Forbes. Joining me now is chair of the Michigan Democratic Party, LaVora Barnes. LaVora, thank you so much for joining me. Thanks for having me. It's great to be here. As we sit here right now, we are less than two weeks out from election day. So I am sure you are crazy busy. Michigan, all eyes are on that battleground state. And new polls indicate that Vice President Kamala Harris is ever so slightly ahead of former President Donald Trump, but still within the margin of error. So when you're seeing all of this data come in this close to the election, what are you thinking? I'm thinking it's exactly what we expected. We always knew this was going to be a close race. We prepared and built a program with a close race in mind. This is Michigan. The races are tight. It's what we expect. We don't pay attention to the polls. We pay attention to what's happening in the field and at the polling places where folks are voting and folks are voting right now. And we're encouraged by what we're seeing. That's really interesting. You're not paying attention to the polls. So talk to everyone who doesn't live in Michigan. What are you seeing on the ground there that maybe we aren't? Yeah. So first thing I would say is that we have a tremendous ground game. We've got over 50 offices around the state. We've got hundreds of staffers and thousands of volunteers out here knocking on doors, making phone calls, text messages, social media posts, all the ways we can reach a voter. We are trying to reach voters and we're having great conversations with them about the importance of this election, telling them how to vote, where to vote, when to vote, and of course, why to vote. And we're hearing a lot of really great feedback from folks. Folks are excited that they're hearing from the campaign and from the party. They're excited to participate in this election. It feels good on the ground. A path to victory for Harris includes winning the three blue wall states. Obviously, Michigan is a part of that with 15 electoral votes on the line there. But in total, the three states have 44 electoral votes. Obviously, this is a huge amount of votes on the line. Are you coordinating at all with Pennsylvania and Wisconsin to have a consistent ground game, a consistent strategy? What does that look like? It's a really great question. So we talk to each other a lot. These are state parties who are all close. The chairs connect with each other. We talk, we share strategy, we share thoughts. Our ground games look a little different because our states are different. Not everybody's state is structured the same way. Here in Michigan and also in Wisconsin, we run a year-round coordinated field program. We're always on the doors all the time, even when it's not the months leading up to election. And Pennsylvania is working their way up to having a similar program. But we work really closely together. We share best practices all the time. And we also cheer each other up when we're tired and we want to take a break. Well, you're in the final stretch. You're 12 days left. And I know for voters, one of the most major issues for them as they go to the polls, as they weigh what kind of they want to pick is the economy. So let's say you're on the phone with some voters in Michigan. Now, the economy is the top issue for them. They say to you, hey, my financial situation under former President Donald Trump a few years ago was better than it is now. My grocery bill was lower than than it is now. What do you say to them? I start by reminding them that the economy that President Trump inherited was actually Barack Obama's economy. It was a democratic economy. And he shepherded that economy right into a crisis. And then COVID came along and a crisis increased. And then we needed Joe Biden and the Democrats to come in and fix the mess that was left behind by Donald Trump. And so the reason that we have low unemployment, the reasons that we have a higher access to funds for small businesses, the reason we have lower costs for health care, that's the Democrats. That's that's what's happening under the Democrats and under the Biden and Harris administration. There's an interesting swing state or swing voter situation happening in Michigan. Let's talk about the Senate race a little bit. Democratic Congresswoman Alyssa Slocan is leading Republican challenger, former Congressman Mike Rogers, 52 to 44, according to a Quinnipiac poll. So why are you seeing this big of a gap between the Democrat and Republican opposed to a much tighter presidential race? I think Alyssa is running as though her race is tight. First of all, she's taking anything for granted. She's all of the state on the phones on the doors, just like everybody else, working really hard to earn those votes. A lot of folks who in Michigan know Alyssa Slocan incredibly well. She's been an active and terrific member of Congress for years. She's represented a tough district, but done it done it with such great skill that folks all over the state already know who Alyssa Slocan is. And you've got to remember Kamala Harris has been a candidate for president of the United States for about 92 days. So I think a little bit of the difference is just in comfort and knowledge of who these candidates are. That's why we're out there every day continuing to talk about these candidates and these races. So to that point, how are Michigan Democrats convincing the Trump Slocan voter to then become the Harris Slocan voter? I mean, yeah, I'm not a Trump Slocan voter. I'm certain that they are out there, but the conversations we are having is that if you want Alyssa Slocan to be the kind of senator who brings home the work for Michigan, we've got to have a White House as well. We can't have a White House that is vetoing good progress that's happening in the Congress because Donald Trump doesn't like it. And we can point to instances where good things could have happened. Take that bill to fix the border problem that could have happened had Donald Trump not called his cronies in Congress and said, don't pass that. I want to run on it. And if we want to get things done, we need to keep a Democrat in the White House and have a Democratic Senate and frankly, a Democratic House. A large portion of the state's Arab American population isn't happy with Harris over the administration's continued support for Israel in its war against Hamas in Gaza. When you're talking to those voters, what do you say to that constituency? We talk a lot about the truth of who Donald Trump is. We use his own words a lot of the time to remind folks of the things he said about immigrants, the things he said specifically about Muslims, the things he said about how he would encourage Netanyahu to double and triple down on the work that he's already, the hateful work that he's already doing in the region, just to let them know that while you may not be happy with where the Biden administration is, and you may not yet be comfortable with where a Harris administration would be, either of those are much better for this community and for the world than Donald Trump. As you know, all eyes really are on Michigan as one of those seven critical states that we're going to be really looking at on November 5th. So is there anything happening on the ground? I know you said that there's a difference between what's happening on the ground. You're not looking at the polls, but is there anything that you would want the Harris campaign to really hammer home in the final stretch here? I think that you asked the question about the economy. I think the conversations need to continue about how a Harris administration would handle the economy. Obviously, the issue around Gaza for members of our coalition are important as well. I think that folks still need to get to know who Kamala Harris is in some instances and what she will do. I think the work she's done to do the television interviews, the town hall that she just had, tremendously helpful in telling that story of who she is and what she will do. And of course, we've got to have people continuing to come to visit. The vice president will be here again in a couple of days. The governor walls will be here. His wife will be here. Her husband will be here. All sorts of servants, including President Obama, have been here and will continue to be here. And we need to continue that drumbeat of folks coming into the state and reminding folks how important their vote is and how important the state is to the election. That's really interesting that you're saying. You have to remind people of who Kamala Harris is. So when people ask you, who is the vice president, what do you say? Because she's been the vice president for three years. We've been seeing her make the media rounds. However, she's only been candidate now for, as you said, a little over 90 days. So how would you define the vice president? How would you define her candidacy? We spend a lot of time talking about her story, who she is, how she's come up from a middle class family, how she has been a prosecutor and then all of the good work that she's done for first the people of California and then the people of the nation. And that she's been a true partner in the work that has happened in the White House and that she's learned the job at the hands of the current president. And she knows what she's getting into. It won't be a surprise to her and that she's got all of the skills, all of the knowledge and all of the temperament to handle this job in a way that will make us safe and strong and a healthy economy. And it's a razor thin race, obviously. She's pulling slightly ahead, still within the margin of error. So what do you want to see the campaign specifically do? What are you going to do within the next 12 or so days between now and November 5th? We're everywhere talking to anyone who will listen to us and that's what we're going to continue to do all over the state. That's what I expect the campaign to continue to do all over the state. You know, they've got the TV ads, they've got the mail, they've got all of that happening. We're just, our job is to be on the ground, on the doors, on the phones, at events, everywhere we can be, where voters will be to remind them of the importance of this election and the importance of their vote and the need to vote for Harris. Obviously this election is coming down to every single vote, especially in those seven critical states. What are you, what's your message to those people who either are, might sit on the couch, might sit this one out or those undecided voters because there's a small percentage, about two percent or so of Michigan voters who are undecided. What do you say to them? For the folks who would consider staying home, I say to them that you shouldn't let other folks make this decision for you. You shouldn't sit out on your democracy. You're an important part of how the democracy works in this country and you need to participate. Your participation is key to making sure that your voice is heard and that you are electing folks who will have your best interest at heart. And for folks who are undecided, I say very similar things. You know, you need to choose a candidate who thinks about you, not just themselves. And if you listen to these candidates talk, you've got one on the Republican side who spends a lot of time talking about how he would get back at people who have not supported him, talks a lot about himself and who he thinks he is. And then you've got a candidate who spends a lot of time talking about you and I, talking about the people of this country and the people of this state and what she will do for them. That's the difference. And when you go vote, you should go vote for the one who has you in mind. LaVora Barnes, I appreciate your time today. Best of luck to you, as I'm sure you have a very busy two weeks ahead, but you are welcome back anytime. Thanks for joining me. Thank you. My pleasure. Thanks for having me.