 I don't know how Kamala Harris comes off as relatable to anybody, especially those who go out and are planning on voting for her because it's all about the race and gender card. Right? Because if you take away the race and gender card, you're left with what? As far as her campaign goes, you're left with more Joe Biden. You're left with the last four years being horrible for the American people. As far as economically, as far as safety, anything that you can possibly imagine has gotten worse under the Biden Harris administration. And where's Joe Biden? Has anybody even seen or heard from Joe Biden in the last couple of weeks? They are framing Kamala Harris as though she is already the president and has been for the last four years, or at least has been for the last, you know, better part of a month or two or three weeks, however long it's been since Joe Biden, uh, did not voluntarily drop out of the race, but was forced out by the Harris campaign. Uh, but her rally in Detroit and Michigan, uh, didn't go very well. And I'm not just talking about this whole thing about the buses stranding thousands of people. That's bad enough. But the fact that Kamala Harris cannot help, uh, when there are a few little hecklers is what she'll call them, or even people who are chanting her name, she cannot stand it when she is interrupted this whole, I'm speaking, I'm speaking. Yeah, I love democracy, but right now I'm speaking. So you peasants better be quiet while I'm speaking. It's exactly what she goes on to do, uh, during her rally says a rally for Kamala Harris in Detroit, Michigan on Wednesday reportedly ended in disaster with thousands stranded while certain staffers were brought to tears. According to political scientist, Josiah Lippincott, the rally ended with people being unable to find shuttles back to their cars, leaving them stranded. And here's what we'll watch here. This is Kamala Harris with Breitbart news saying temper temper the source from C-SPAN. Cause I'm telling you, it is a plan. It is a plan to weaken America's middle class project 2025. If he is elected. So right now, just to cut in for a second, right now, these, these people who are literally bought and paid for, um, they are chanting Kamala, Kamala, and this fake smile that she gives like, Oh, this is all good. This is, this is democracy at work. She hates this. She hates that she has to try to speak over people that she views as less than her. So we'll go, we'll go ahead and continue. I'm here cause we believe in democracy. Everyone's voice matters, but I am speaking now. I am speaking now. And he intends to end the affordable care act. You know what? If you want Donald Trump to win, then say that. Otherwise I'm speaking. How ridiculous is this? Just look at this face. This is the face of, I am better than you. I am above you. You people are peasants. You people don't deserve to be here. But I'm gracing you with my presence. But when I'm speaking, you're going to allow me to speak and you're going to be quiet like the good little sheep that you are. That's exactly what she thinks. It's exactly what the Democrat party as a whole believes in. And it's amazing that this is happening in a state like Michigan, which is very much in play. And the Democrats continue to shoot themselves in the foot in these key swing States. And it goes back to why did Kamala Harris choose or why did the DNC or Democrat party as a whole choose Tim walls as her running mate? The governor of Minnesota. I know specifically that people in Minnesota do not like Tim walls, whether it's him lying about his service record in the military or the fact that he was governor during the quote summer of love in 2020 where Minnesota was set on fire for quite some time. And it's amazing that they, she would choose somebody so boring as Tim walls in a state that to my knowledge has not gone red for Republican candidate since 1972. So it's been a pretty safe Democrat in the Democrat column, a blue state, so to speak for quite some time, unless there is true concern among the Democrats that Minnesota is actually in play. And that would beg the question, how many of these polls can you actually believe in? And the answer is none of them. This is exactly what the Democrats are going to try to do. They're going to try to do the exact same thing that they tried to do in 2020 that they ended up getting away with. We all know what I'm talking about. And the way to do that is to make it seem like this race is a true tossup. It's to make, make, make it seem like this race is closer than it actually is, but it's just the math isn't mathing, right? You know, you choose somebody which usually choosing a vice president does not really matter a whole lot. That is all thrown out the window in this election cycle. But you just have to wonder why you choose somebody like Tim walls instead of somebody like Shapiro from Pennsylvania, a state that they think they need to win in order to win the presidency. And if I can just, you know, this is just my opinion, but I think Minnesota is absolutely in play. I think the Democrats are freaking out. And I think Pennsylvania is, is very securely in the Trump column as of now, because of what happened on July 13th, the people of Pennsylvania are not going to forget that the American people are not going to forget that despite the media's attempts to bury that story in the investigation that has followed. Now I say all this to again, warn Republican voters and Trump voters, uh, not to be complacent and not to think that this election, uh, is one before even a single vote is cast because we need to act like that this race is tightening. We need to act like we're 10 points down. We need each and every person to get out there to vote. Otherwise this is what we get for the next four years. And in some regard, we know what we get because it's going to be more of a Joe Biden administration led by Kamala Harris. But I honestly think it would be 10 times worse, uh, under Kamala Harris than it just be another four years of what we've already experienced in the horror that that has been. Uh, but again, this, this is horrible right here and to happen in Michigan of all places, this is good for Trump and it's good for, uh, undecided voters who maybe are leaning more towards Trump when they see stuff like this, but Democrats continue to shoot themselves in the foot. Let me know what you all think about this in the comment section down below. Please like subscribe and share. I do appreciate it. Hope you all are having a great day and I'll catch you later.