 Welcome to Politically Speaking. I'm Elizabeth Benyan, Chancellor's Professor of Political Science and Director of Community Engagement and the American Democracy Project at Indiana University South Bend. With just under two weeks until Election Day, the final push is on in the 2024 general election. This week we're talking to Michigan reporters about the major races that will shape the future of the state. We'll discuss the presidential race between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump, as well as the highly competitive US Senate race between Democrat Alyssa Slotkin and Republican Mike Rogers. Joining us today are Lauren Gibbons, political reporter for Bridge Michigan, and Chad Livengood, politics editor for the Detroit News. Chad, let's start with you with just under two weeks left until Election Day. How are the Trump and Harris campaigns positioning themselves in Michigan, and what strategies are they using to try to sway undecided voters? Well, you would be hard pressed to find an undecided voter. Most polling shows there is fewer than 1%, or most recent Detroit News WDIV poll shows it's about 0.7% of undecided voters. So you'd have to go, you know, really rummage for that needle in the haystack to find undecideds. Now it is purely a turnout game. And they are going to places where they know they need to do well. And if anything, they need to run up the score. So Saturday, Kamala Harris is going to be campaigning in a rally in Kalamazoo, trying to utilize a college town, Western Michigan University, with some special help from former First Lady Michelle Obama. Donald Trump is holding a rally Friday night in Traverse City. Traverse City itself is kind of a pretty little blue dot on the map now, but around it is Brock Ribb, a Republican territory, and his appeal to low propensity, particularly male voters in rural areas. And rural areas is a big part of his strategy to counter Kamala Harris in the suburbs of Detroit and Grand Rapids. And then on Saturday, Trump is going to one of the suburbs of Detroit and Novi for a rally up in Oakland County where Harris, her chances of winning this really hinge on really turning out a lot of voters are going to be running up the score in Oakland County and Kent County around Grand Rapids. Lauren, who are those key voters then that Kamala Harris needs to win? And conversely for Donald Trump, is it mostly blue collar white men or which groups are you seeing these candidates really try to appeal to in terms of that turnout game? Yeah, especially when it comes to areas like Oakland and Kent County, you're looking at suburban voters in 2020. Joe Biden won with a lot of help from, you know, well educated suburban area voters who were coming in and, you know, have generally leaned Republican in the past and are now, at least in the past few election cycles have broken for Democrats. And so Harris is really trying to appeal to those voters, you know, certainly now in West Michigan, but she's spent a lot of time here in metro Detroit. So that that would be one group that I'm obviously watching as certainly, you know, the blue collar voters you've mentioned, that's been a theme throughout the last several election cycles. Certainly that's an important target for Trump. You know, that was kind of his marquee voter back in the 2016 cycle and Michigan after after losing it in 2020. He's certainly really trying to get that back. So so that would be an area and also very interesting. And a lot of recent polling, we've seen a pretty significant gender gap with with women largely breaking for Harris and men largely breaking for Trump. And I think both candidates have a lot of work to do to convince, well, one, Trump with women and Harris with men to try and even the score a little bit and among gender gaps as well. Now, do we know if that gender gap is exists across racial lines or is that looking mostly women of color and white women who often have voted in the past more for Trump actually than for Biden or the Democratic candidate also leaning toward Harris? Harris has been making a push in recent weeks among black men. I think that's a constituency that they're pretty interested in, you know, convincing and are a little worried. I think that they might not be quite, that they might not quite come out in the numbers they have for previous Democratic candidates. So I think that's an area. But yeah, in terms of in terms of women, there's there's not a whole ton of difference between women of color and white women. And Chad, you might be able to speak to the recent like Detroit News poll, but it seems as though it's it's been a pretty significant majority across the board. Yeah, most of our recent polling, Harris is running 15 and 20 points above Trump overall and women. But then when you start looking at non college educated white women, that there is a much closer margin between these two candidates. And in many cases, in many places of the state, Trump, Trump wins that that that segment of female voters. And this is the this is what we saw in 2016, we started to see an exit polling on election night, and they were showing Trump winning white non college educated women by 20 points. It was essentially a sort of a Brexit like outcome, where rule and even blue collar suburban blue collar areas were coming, coming home for Trump and and rejecting the Democratic candidate on the ballot and a female Democratic candidate and nonetheless and so so this is something we're going to watch for in the final week. Donald Trump has done really well in in in Macomb County, the northern suburb of Detroit that's more more blue collar for his auto industry message is really honed in on his his railing against electric vehicles. This is an area that that this that this really speaks to folks also downriver Wayne County, this sort of working class suburbs majority white suburbs, southwest of Detroit. This is an area also that is kind of what I call battleground within the battleground. There are a couple of state house races that are really hinging on on how how well Trump does at least hinging for Republicans. Same thing in Macomb, and there's a sort of a swath of central Macomb and central Oakland County, where, where Republicans see their best chances of picking up seats and flipping control of a state house is controlled by Democrats 56 to 54 right now. And Lauren in terms of black men you mentioned there was some concern in the Harris campaign that they might not turn out and vote. It seems like that may be what animated Barack Obama to speak directly to this group and say, hey, don't stay home because you have a woman candidate. Yeah, certainly. And that's been happening across the country, but we have seen it in Michigan too. It's it's definitely a situation that the Democrats are trying to avoid. It is as Chad mentioned earlier, turnout is a major factor of all of this, so they really need a big turnout in Detroit to buffer some of those areas that might lean the other way. And speaking of Democrats, of course, in in the metro Detroit area. And so, in addition to, you know, appealing to some of those suburban voters we talked about earlier, they really need to make sure that voters in Detroit are animated and excited. And it seems as though they haven't. They're not quite comfortable yet with with the numbers they're seeing there so they're definitely making direct appeals. Harris has gone on several radio shows that are pretty popular in metro Detroit like the Breakfast Club. She's she's been making a pretty direct appeals to that subset of voters. And to that point, one of Donald Trump's biggest supporters in the African American community is former Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick, who he essentially sprung from prison on his last day in office by commuting his sentence for his for his 20 years in the city hall, and Kilpatrick is out working various networks he's he's done radio ads for Trump that are on black radio stations. And so, the fear here is that it's a little soft support, compared to Joe Biden just just four years ago, and in a race that could come down to 10s of 1000s of votes. This could be one of the areas on the margins. And the other thing that Trump is trying to do is he's trying to, he's trying to take advantage of the downright crisis the democrats have with their Arab American constituency. And when it comes to Biden and Harris is supportive Israel supportive arms for Israel in the conflict against Gaza 300,000 or more people in southeast Michigan of Arab Arab and North African descent. They're not a family in Palestine, or, or Lebanon, and they live in, you know, mostly clustered in Dearborn Hamtramck Dearborn Heights but some other they're they're spread everywhere around the metro Detroit region and this is a real big looming fear, particularly as Trump just got the endorsements of the Hamtramck and Dearborn here, Heights Mary went to Hamtramck last week. They set up a sprung up a campaign office for him just to have this event it seems and so they are trying to see if they can at least play some little bit of offense here. And nothing that Harris has said has gotten this uncommitted movement to move off of their, their opposition to to her, at the same time they're not endorsing Trump, or they say they're going to go out and try to work against Trump. And one of the main leaders of this is us rep Rashida to leave who prominent Democrat from Detroit has not said who she's voting for president which is something that I think looms over, over the Harris campaign. And so when we're talking about support for Israel, clearly this is not really a call to vote for Trump but it sounds like more like a call to either skip the presidential race, or vote third party, or sit at home, and just not not necessarily cast that vote for Harris or at least make that the real threat. If you look at 2016 Donald Trump won the state by 10,704 votes. And there was a nexus of of 220 230,000 people who who didn't vote for Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton. I mean Gary Gary Johnson got a couple percentage points, and Jill Stein got a percentage points, and there was 10s of thousands of people who didn't fill in the bubble for president between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump and that scenario does feel like it could, it could be it could replay itself on November 5. Donald Trump recently made negative comments about Detroit calling it just horrible claiming that the city's never fully come back. How have at all these remarks impact Detroit voters it sounds like it hasn't discouraged the mayor. Yeah, well there's kind of the political class in Detroit that got all, you know, in dignity and and and and upset about it. And that is led by, let's just be honest, the white mayor. And he said this in front of the largely white business leaders, the Detroit Economic Club. But there is a different perception of Detroit for those who live there. And this is what Trump is kind of trying to play on a little bit to speaking to these black men saying, you know, this comeback that's that that's you know is seen in this was known as the 7.2, which is essentially greater downtown 7.2 square miles out of 137 square miles of a city that these that be there, some some Detroiters feel fully left behind by the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of the sort of sort of the sort of Republicans who were longtime Trump critics, so I'm not necessarily surprised by a lot of the names that have come out there. In terms of whether it'll sway voters, I don't think it'll sway voters who have already committed to Trump and like Trump. It may sway some of those people on the margins who have previously been a little conservative but not loved the Trump presidency. So I don't know if that necessarily makes a difference, but here in Michigan anything could make a difference. They're really appealing to every voter that they can and they, especially coming from someone like Fred Upton who was really well-liked in his district, he was known as kind of someone who could work with both sides of the aisle. It doesn't hurt, you know, will it necessarily sway every Republican? No. Now let's turn to the Senate race. Chad the Michigan Senate race between Alyssa Slotkin and Mike Rogers is very closely watched, not just in Michigan but nationally. Do you believe the outcome of this Senate race will mirror the results of the presidential election or could we see a Slotkin win even if Trump carries Michigan? In most polls Slotkin has been running several points ahead of Harris and so two or three or four, they all kind of a little bit vary, but she is still ahead of the top ticket and so yeah it does seem completely plausible that Trump pulls out a, you know, an each side of victory like he did in 2016 and the Democratic Senate candidate wins. That will, you know, depend and we have three really hot competitive U.S. House races in Michigan that also could swing the balance of power in the House and so those battlegrounds kind of play into that, into the turnout factors for both President and Senate as well and so but Mike Rogers, the Republican has been on the ascent and largely because at the end of August he just was running in our late August poll, he had like 72 percent of Trump voters. In our most recent poll he was captured about 86 percent of them and so he's had to just basically reintroduce himself. He had been a congressman for many years, he sort of left the state or had been kind of an sort of absent political player for 10 years basically and so a lot of this has been, you know, hinge on trying to reintroduce him to persuadable or Republican leaning or independent voters and just there I think Mitch McConnell's super PAC has thrown about 33 million dollars into this race just in the last 30 days and so and that's noticeable. I mean I can't tell you how many pieces of mail I have and I live in Livingston County which is a Republican area but in middle of that seventh district, swing district for Congress so I know I'm in right in the thick of things here getting highly targeted for votes both in that seven district race and also in that center race. Yeah so Lauren there were a couple of debates between Alyssa Slotkin and Mike Rogers. Did that produce any movement or do you think it really is these these ad blitzes? Is it hard to tell in terms of the timing of the polls, in terms of voter discussions and is it still a toss-up in your view that we don't know who will win? Yeah you know the debate, the debates were really interesting. I always have both of them. It was interesting to hear them go at each other. You know from a strictly resume perspective, both Slotkin and Rogers have a national security background. They have congressional experience and they've been known as you know bipartisan operators to some extent in Congress and so on paper these are pretty similar candidates obviously in those ads and in all of this messaging that voters are getting they are very much trying to differentiate themselves and so I do think you know the millions and millions of dollars that have been spent on television, mailers, you know all of the social media ads will probably have some impact but clearly both parties are considering this a pretty toss-up state as Slotkin has been raising raising millions of dollars since she got into the race. Mike Rogers has recently seen that boost that we just discussed. It's going to come down to the wire. I think a lot of it does depend on the top of the ticket but certainly both candidates have a path. One of the factors and fault lines of this Senate race is abortion and whether Democrats can use abortion to their advantage politically even though we as a state of Michigan adopted the constitutional amendment protecting a woman's right to abortion and reproductive decisions two years ago they are using this pretty heavily in the Senate race and every race on down practically the county commission races but this one they're just using Mike Rogers's record on being very very anti-abortion while he was in Congress and Mike Rogers is saying I'm not going to do anything if I get elected this, I'm going to respect the will of the voters and every Republican from Rogers on down the ballot is taking the same line to try to thwart these attacks that are coming in there. We're seeing it heavily in television ads for the battle for the state house and also those US House races so this is going to be kind of the first test about whether this is the wedge issue that can always be pulled out to thwart a Republican insurgency on election day. It's quite interesting isn't it that under Roe the voters who were most animated by the issue of abortion seem to be the pro-life anti-abortion voters and now that Roe is overturned and the rights are less secure states are making the decisions this has become an issue that Democrats are trying to use to really become that single issue that might or at least the final tipping point for a voter. Yeah absolutely and here in Michigan in 2022 there was a there was that huge push and that certainly benefited Democrats if Democrats can you know repeat that magic in 2024 they're hoping to and you've heard that especially you know in some of these in the Senate debate most recently Alyssa Slotkin looked at the camera and basically told voters not to trust Mike Rogers on abortion issues. Now he said that he will respect the will of Michigan voters now that it's been decided and put in the Constitution but Alyssa Slotkin and other Democratic candidates are saying if Republicans win that goes out the window so it is an interesting issue and it will be very interesting to see what happens when there is not an active ballot initiative related to abortion on Michigan's ballot. And Chad Michigan has a strong tradition of union influence but we've seen a lot of diversity within unions in terms of how their members are thinking and voting. How are labor unions and their members reacting to the candidates and could their stance influence outcomes in the presidential race but also the state house the Senate race etc. Yeah so you see the union leadership coming out and strongly promoting Kamala Harris and for the presidency even the Michigan Teamsters they as a state union broke with the National Union and did endorse Harris while the National Union decided to sit this one out and Sean Fain the United Auto Workers president is becoming a major surrogate for Harris but Trump this is where Trump magic you're not really sure if it's real or if it's going to actually materialize but he is trying to play to their members every day particularly in his message about EVs and saying hey if we transition to EVs you all who work in engine plants and component plants that make pieces and parts that go into engines the gas engines you're going to lose your jobs. And I mean this is Trump messaging up and down the I-75 corridor between Detroit and Oakland County and Macomb County and then you go up into Flint and Saginaw Bay City that in our county is like one to watch on election night it has been a bellwether in Michigan presidential elections in the last in this century essentially and if Trump wins it like he did in 2016 seems like he might have a chance of going out of victory. Well we'll be watching that along with Democrats narrow two seat majority in the Michigan House of Representatives so much more to discuss but unfortunately that's all the time we have for this week's politically speaking so I want to thank our guests Lauren Gibbons of Bridge Michigan and Chad Livengood of the Detroit News for joining us today to share their insights on the 2024 election and the races shaping Michigan's political landscape. I'm Elizabeth Bennion reminding you that it takes all of us to make democracy work. We'll see you next time. This WNIT local production has been made possible in part by viewers like you. Thank you.