 Alright, here we go back into it now. Michigan news source is my go-to for all sorts of anything Michigan related news and should be for you as well. Michigan stories, it's national stories oftentimes with things going on like Goshen and the Chinese trying to build plants here in America. A fair amount of debate right now as to whether or not Donald Trump and Kamala Harris will actually meet for a debate in Grand Rapids, I believe it's September the 25th. Yesterday on Truth Social, Trump put out three dates. He said they'll be in Pennsylvania twice. September 4th and September 10th, one in Harrisburg, one in Philly and then a debate in Grand Rapids, Michigan on the 25th. He put it out there and said this is what's happening here, the networks, here's in fact he even said who the hosts are going to be on these and yet no confirmation from the Harris campaign, only on one. The other two are still up for grabs. Katie Hyde joining me now from Michigan news source. Katie good to have you. Good morning. Good morning, look, Donald Trump put it out there as fact and apparently it's not fact yet. We haven't at least we haven't heard from the Harris campaign but it's interesting that he puts out for example in Grand Rapids, Lester Holt will be the moderator for the debate in Grand Rapids. Sounds pretty damn sure about it. He put out a lot of specifics, yes he did and the Harris campaign hasn't responded, they said they've only agreed to the one debate on September 10th. It is interesting to note that Michigan has 15 electoral votes up for grabs and that Michigan is predicted to swing this election and so if it ends up becoming that they have a debate in Grand Rapids that's going to have huge ramifications for the election in November. That's correct, in fact I think JD Vance is back what on Wednesday so obviously Michigan right in the crosshairs for him right? Yes that's his second visit to Michigan in one week, he was here last Wednesday. Harris and Wols were here on Wednesday as well so it's quite obvious that they see Michigan as a primary state that they need to woo and they recognize that it is blue now from the governor on down and they are probably going to schedule a lot more visits to Michigan between now and November. And right now Kamala Harris shows a lead in Michigan according to the RealClearPolitics average, it shows her with a two and a half point lead although I think it's tighter than that because there's just one throwaway poll in there that shows her with an 11 point lead I don't think anybody believes that, you don't, I don't. It's what we call an outlier, right? And a lot of things can happen between now and November, it's a couple of months but it might as well be a couple of years, you know how the new cycle changes within 12 hours let alone a couple of months and so I don't know as if the average American or Michigander really care about polls right now or the numbers of people that are coming to these Harris rallies because they've talked about all these tens of thousands of people coming. I believe from what I'm hearing is people want to hear them talk about the issues, the issues that are impacting their lives, how much they're paying for groceries, how much they're paying for gas, for small business owners here in Michigan, how difficult it is to start and continue a small business especially now with these minimum wage and tip mandates coming down in February and Michigan and so I think that so-called honeymoon period with Harris will wear off, people are going to want to hear how their lives are going to be better over the next four years with either of these candidates. Yeah, you wonder because you know the Democrats obviously have a lot of money and of course they can support a lot of ads. Now I've heard people say they're not seeing a lot of ads. I'm seeing ads for both sides all the time. I don't know what's on your TV Katie but I'm seeing Harris ads, I'm seeing Trump ads and it's August, we're going to get pounded with these things I'm pretty sure. I'm seeing them on YouTube, the Trump ads primarily. Well there you go, YouTube. I have young kids, please don't judge me. I'm not, I'm not.