 Joe Biden's legacy of accomplishment over the past three years is unmatched in modern history. Vice President Kamala Harris kicks off her presidential campaign today while praising President Joe Biden. Just one day after Joe Biden announced he was dropping out of the presidential race. We begin tonight with reaction to this sudden change of heart. Following the president's announcement, much of Michigan's top Democratic leaders are also putting their support behind Vice President Harris for that nomination. 13 on your side, political reporter Josh Alberta spoke with leaders within the party and the head of the state's Republican Party about what's next. The race for arguably the most powerful post in the world flipped on its head with just one post to social media. Following President Joe Biden's exit from the presidential race, Vice President Kamala Harris quickly racking up endorsements from a number of top Michigan Democrats. I am supporting and endorsing her because President Biden supported her yesterday and he quite frankly was the person that got 14 million votes in a Democratic nominating election throughout the 50 states. And she was part of that ticket. And I've heard many things during the last three weeks, but one of the things I strongly heard was that people did not want to feel disenfranchised. But without Biden at the top of the ticket, his delegates to the party's convention in Chicago next month are up for grabs. Some Republicans already honing in on Harris as a likely choice, though the state party's chair believes their message won't change. They are part and parcel the same package. If anything, and some of the issues, especially regarding the automobile industry, she's further left than where Joe Biden was. While many Democrats have been swift to rally behind the vice president. I think she will be a strong candidate. I think she'll be a great president of the United States. Congresswoman Debbie Dingell, a close ally of Biden during his race, acknowledged her personal choice is not necessarily set just yet. She's got to go out and work. This is a process that must be open and transparent and understood. And she has to go campaign to the delegates to win the nomination. But as support within the party continues to grow, many are looking to whom Harris will choose to be her potential running mate. One thing that does seem settled, it likely won't be Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer. No, I'm not planning to go anywhere. So if they offer it, you will not take it. I am not leaving Michigan. I'm proud to be the governor of Michigan. I have been consistent. I know everyone is always suspicious and asking this question over and over again. I know you're doing your job. I'm not going anywhere. So what should Harris be looking forward to win Michigan? Quite frankly, I want to see someone who cares about the Heartland, who understands the battleground state, who's going to work hard to bring people together, who's going to care about our economy fighting for working men and women. So I think there are probably a number of candidates that she is going to be looking for. And I'm going to respect that process. But I do want to see someone who cares about the Heartland of America. So Josh, is it a done deal for Harris at this point? Well, not necessarily Juliette. She's secured support from hundreds of delegates to the convention in Chicago next month and has the endorsements of many people like Governor Gavin Newsom of California and Governor Whitmer here in Michigan, who were thought to have been the biggest names to potentially enter the race. But even then, the nominee is not set until the convention delegates vote. We'll have to see just whom they vote for. But after the last 24 hours, the list of those who could have the clout to challenge Vice President Harris has gotten very narrow. All right. We'll continue to follow your reports, Josh. Thank you.