 A group of some Democrats is worried that Vice President Harris is struggling to gain the support of Arab-American voters in the battleground state of Michigan. Amid scrutiny of the administration's approach to the war in Gaza, our Ed O'Keefe spoke with members of the Muslim community there. Michigan, one of the seven battleground states, is going to decide who lives in the White House next year. And in this state, there's a few numbers to consider. Four years ago, President Biden won here by about 154,000 votes. And there's a sizable block of usually reliable Democratic voters in this state. Arab and Muslim Americans who live in and around Detroit and Dearborn, about 146,000 of them, voted for President Biden four years ago. So if you start to lose their support, you could potentially be seeing a loss in Michigan unless you find another way to make it up. And that is why that group of people in this state has earned such outsized attention ever since, of course, the war in Gaza began last year. We met late last year with a guy named Adam from Dearborn who voted for and campaigned for President Biden four years ago and was quite disillusioned by what was happening. As a community, we're tired of voting for the lesser of two evils. If you were to ask me two months ago if I was going to vote for Joe Biden, yeah, I would have held my nose and voted for him. Nearly a year later, Adam is still thinking about this issue, but has decided exactly how he's going to vote. We talked to him and a few of his friends. Did it get any easier to support Democrats when Harris became the nominee? Look, when Harris became the nominee for a lot of people, we felt like, OK, maybe we have an opportunity to have somebody fresh who can change things up and can maybe shake things up in the Democratic Party. And that was quickly shot down. We saw things like they wouldn't even allow for a Palestinian to speak at the DNC. So what are you going to do? Personally, I'm going to vote for Joe Biden. Really? Yes. Because she has called for an arms embargo, she has called for a permanent ceasefire, she has called for conditioning aid. Now, whether she can win in Michigan or not, whether she can win the presidency or not, it's 101 percent unlikely that she's going to win. But the reality is I see somebody, you know, I have a choice to vote for somebody that sees me as a human, that sees my family as a human, you know, that actually cares about my community, whether she's going to win or not. You have a choice in a few days of what to do when it comes to the election. I'm curious first, how did you vote four years ago for president? Biden. Biden. And what are you going to do this time? Third party. Jill Stein. Right in or third party? I haven't made my decision, but it's one of those two. Right in or third party? So not Harris, not Trump. Nope. Did she do anything maybe to compel you to think about possibly supporting her? Or was this just too far a road to go just because of the fact that she supports the president's position on all this? Well, the fact that she supported the, is supporting the president hasn't said anything much different to him and always, always says that, you know, just that she's going to be a staunch supporter of Israel is a cause for concern. However, I was willing to give her a chance and I was part of the uncommitted movement. But at every turn we were rebuffed and you just can't ask us to vote for genocide. And it's a terrible position to be in. I don't want to see Trump as president, but I cannot in good conscience give her my vote. Did any of you ever consider voting for Trump? No. Yeah. And why did you do that? Because I, we, okay, we, we look at this right now and we're all over here. We've all said we're going to vote either third party or right in third party or right in for us is pretty much a loss of one vote for Kamala Harris. But if we're looking at this with a number standpoint, voting for Trump is pretty much it's not only it's it's as if Kamala Harris is losing two votes, you know, and from a number standpoint, if I really want Kamala to lose, which I do, I'd rather have Kamala lose than I don't care what the outcome is. It's not my business, but Kamala didn't earn any of our votes. But if we really want her to lose a vote for Trump, it makes more sense. But ethically and morally, I can't get myself to vote for Trump. You know what could happen. And we talked about this a year ago, Adam. She could lose and they'll say, well, if only those few thousand people in Dearborn or Hamtrack or other parts of Detroit who are Arab and Muslim had voted for her, she would have won. You could get scapegoated. That's fine. We already are. I mean, I'm sorry. What do we have right now? Think of it. All the people I've spent the last 12 years of my life helping elect people. I have never, ever, ever worked on a Republicans campaign. It's always been Democratic candidates. We've gotten elected. What are they doing for us? They won't even answer our calls. It's like, so like when we're going to get scapegoated, what are they going to do? Are they going to kill another hundred thousand of us? It's like seriously, what more can they do? Now, the Harris campaign knows they have a problem. They have been campaigning in those neighborhoods trying to talk to and convince Arab and Muslim American voters here to reconsider voting against her. We spoke with one of her key surrogates in this part of the state. She's a compassionate, caring person that has integrity. And that's what people want in their leaders today. They want leaders that care for the people. And I met with the vice president. I had that interaction with her and I felt that compassion, that care. I shared my family story. In 2006, I lost both my grandmothers to Israeli airstrikes. I told her that story. I felt she felt my pain and I felt it when I looked her in the eye and she looked me in the eye. She's the real deal. One of the more interesting elements of this part of the story here in Michigan is that it is literally a life or death issue for so many people here who either have relatives and friends who've been killed in Gaza or Lebanon or have neighbors, coworkers and friends who know people who've died or been misplaced. It's one of the more urgent issues facing voters in this key battleground state. Ed O'Keefe, thank you.