 Tomorrow is the last day to vote early in person. So I just asked a woman if I could interview her. She said no. She kind of smiled and said, be careful. Every year during election year, Philadelphia is kind of like a very uncomfortable time. It's starting to become more of a fear-mongering. We could go probably into a war any time. It scares me that he wants to be a dictator from day one. They hate Trump and they want to kill babies. They want the baby parts. They want the money laundering and Planned Parenthood. Everything about our democracy is a threat. When people are in a state of fear, their thought processes are different. This country's full of support. They hate to say, if Trump were to be reelected, I'm honestly afraid for our country. I think the Democrats will do whatever they have to to keep in power. And people don't know how big it is. That's the problem. They don't know. Hello, Pennsylvania. I was very much a Democrat, very much not looking at any policies. Just go vote Democrat. And then I think 2016, that debate between Hillary and Trump, when she asked about his taxes, and he told us, like, yeah, I'm cheating. And so is everybody else. All your friends take the same advantage that I do. And I do. So my generation, I think, the men are like mostly Trump in my age bracket. But I don't come to stick to her word, because that's who I'm voting for. Trump, he raising taxes. Us minorities don't have anything. If they wants to cut Social Security off, our seniors work their whole lives so they can have something for their families to build up. That ain't right. Trump ain't shit. He sure ain't. We gonna give her a chance. But we need a female in office. And they doing for the rich people before they even doing for the poor people. Everybody human, you know? Everybody deserves a chance. I see right here there's a lot of support for Trump. Well, we're conservative. Of course, we're against abortion. We're against handouts. You teach your children to work for what they have. As Christians, we don't look at our leaders for a savior. Good evening, Detroit! We are with President Trump to make America great again through peace and justice for all. But the parties aren't great for our community. They're mostly not with Kamala, because of what Biden has been doing and having been supporting that. He's been losing all the Democrats. So yeah, they're mostly all going to Trump. But I wouldn't trust either. There's a lot that are going to third parties. Maybe I'm going to vote, but I'm going to go to a third party. They have relatives in the Middle East. All of them are suffering from the politics coming from our government here. Trump was saying he has some peace in the Middle East. That's why a lot of candidates from here are going to Trump. The community just wants to stop the war. And they want to stop all the funding from the USA to Israel. They want to stop all the funding and all the weapons that are going there. And they just want peace. A lot of people in this country are against Israel for some reason. I think if Kamala gets in, I think she would cut their aid eventually. I might be wrong. I don't think Kamala will stick up for Israel like Trump would. But I know there's a lot of people around here. I would say 95% of them are Trump. I know very few people who are not voting for Trump. Another reason why we need Trump, he knows how to deal with these people. And he makes friends with them because he makes peace. He makes wealth and progress for America. So why can't people see that? We see migrants all over the place. We see increased crime in the suburbs of Philadelphia. It's not just the cities. It's not just a border. Every state's a border state now. I don't go out at night anymore to my neighborhood food store because I'm looking like this and looking like that. So I just stay home and go when I can. They drop the illegals off in buses all over the county. You've seen that? Yeah. This is where democracy is at stake. If we do not get people out to vote, enough people in the right direction, we could lose our demands for seating. So that's why we're out here. People just watch three channels and that's all they know. They don't really know what's going on. That's very sad. And they get all the information and it's all about how bad the Republicans are. They don't say all the good that Trump does. They don't say all the good things he does. They're always digging up stuff. Every one of them has skeletons in their closet. I mean, they all do. Come on. I don't care if a man has a mistress. I don't care what he does. You know how to run the country. Trump! Trump! Trump! Trump! Trump! Trump! Extremely concerned about Roe v. Wade. Worried about, you know, the woman in this country. It gets safer for the future generation of women in America if the man who didn't try to appoint judges to open to Roe v. Wade was elected. When you take the abortion away, you take the medical right in our body, like autonomy away, it's just like the societal norm of women's values gets volatile. There's now nowhere in this country you can't go to have an abortion. So that shit's right off the table right there. I am here to support women's rights. It's our bodies. It's like the world is currently on fire. Protect abortion rights. Protect the right to form a union. People understand what's at stake. So like not only for themselves but thinking of the greater majority in this race. It's a lot of our first time voting and I'd like to be able to do that again. She's not Trump, which I love. I don't like the idea of Russia expanding. That's kind of scary. I think I'm worried about the outcome. If Trump doesn't get in, will they retaliate like they did prior at the state building? No to the country love Trump because he's helping us. I understand that he's very appealing to a lot of people, but it's the policies that I'm concerned about.