 and we are counting down to decision 2024. Right now we are just 28 days from election day and we're getting a new look at our local for Detroit News poll pollsters say the new data shows many voters minds are already made up as they prepare for November 5th Election Day. With less than one month before election day top presidential candidates know every move and every moment counts and newly released polling data is revealing more of the mindset of some voters as they prepare to cast ballots. What we're now seeing are that voters are starting to make decisions and they're shifting. Richard Zuba is W.D.I.V.s pollster with the Glengar group and he's been analyzing the latest data including a sampling of 600 voters from across Michigan last week. When asked their 2024 presidential candidate preference about 46 percent said Vice President Kamala Harris compared to 44 percent preferring former President Trump in the White House. The numbers we're seeing shifting are all towards her direction right now and it's specifically she is doing far better amongst non-college voters where she had such a problem before. Zuba points out though Robert Kennedy has withdrawn from the presidential race, 4 percent of the sample group indicates they prefer him as president with 1 percent preferring Jill Stein and Cornel West. When asking that same poll which candidate for president most closely represents their values 44 percent said former President Trump compared to 48 percent connecting more with Vice President Harris. This has been consistent where Vice President Harris has had a lead on values and that's starting to expand a little bit. The economy and foreign affairs were among hot topics in this poll where former President Trump continues maintaining a lead. When asked who would do a better job handling the nation's economy 51 percent of the voters said former President Trump while 44 percent chose Vice President Harris and 48 percent said they believe Mr. Trump would do a better job handling foreign affairs compared to 46 percent choosing the Vice President on that issue. Donald Trump has a big lead amongst those voters who are just saying issues matter to them. When asked which candidate represents change 46 percent said Vice President Harris while 44 percent identified former President Trump. Another question voters were asked to tackle is which candidate do they trust more. 42 percent said it's Donald Trump. 47 percent of the group said they trust Vice President Kamala Harris more and that's not it. And what we're seeing is less than 1 percent are truly left undecided here. They have made people are making their decisions or know where they're going. And coming up tonight on local 4 news at 11 we'll share poll results on the race for Michigan's open Senate seat between Alissa Slockett and Mike Rogers. Also reminder for you local 4 plus is bringing you the first debate in that race. Slockett and Rogers will face off on tomorrow night in a debate moderated by Wood TV in Grand Rapids. We will carry it live for you on local 4 plus and click on Detroit dot com starting at 7 again on Tuesday night.