 Her vice presidential pick says abortion in the ninth month is absolutely fine. He also says execution after birth, it's execution, no longer abortion because the baby is born is okay. And that's not okay with me. There is no state in this country where it is legal to kill a baby after it's born. I think the American people believe that certain freedoms, in particular the freedom to make decisions about one's own body should not be made by the government. Abortion access front and center, a Tuesday night's debate both on and off the stage. Republicans still trying to figure out how to message on the issue. Democrats of course are leaning in and that includes in the battleground state of Michigan where in 2022 voters approved a measure to establish the right to an abortion in the state constitution. Despite that being law, Democratic Senate candidate Alyssa Slachman is campaigning on the issue. Her opponent, Republican Mike Rogers, says this. The facts. Mike Rogers said I support all restrictions on abortion just like his anti-abortion backers. No exceptions for rape or incest. They even supported a nationwide abortion ban and laws that could eliminate IVF and birth control. I'm Mike Rogers. I know that a decision about a pregnancy is one of the most difficult and personal decisions a woman will make. Michigan voters have already decided the issue and I respect that decision. In the Senate, I won't do anything to change it. Of course what you saw there first was an ad attacking Rogers before seeing his current message. Joining me now to discuss Michigan Democratic Congresswoman Debbie Dingle. Congresswoman wonderful to see you. Thank you so much for being here. So look, you have been talking to people on the ground in Michigan. It's a critical swing state. We saw the debate play out on Tuesday night. Do you think it changed the race? So I was ecstatic like every other Democrat. As I watched the debate, I thought she got under his skin. He reminded much of America about who he was and what he was. She showed people she could be the commander in chief. Six fifty yesterday morning, one of my township supervisors called me and wanted to know what I thought and I said, well, what did you think? And that discussion brought me right back down to earth. I want to get home. Been in Washington for the chaos here. I want to get in those union halls. I want to get to those farmers markets, those VFWs and hear what people are saying. But I want to remind people, people know who Donald Trump is. He was the Donald Trump we all know. And I think she is defining who she is, reassuring people she is, capable of being commander in chief, strong, confident. But these polls still show how close it is. It's still a race between now and November. And I am not on a sugar high. I'm Debbie determined that we've got a lot of work to do for going to win in November. Congressman, right before the debate, there was that New York Times-Siena college poll that came out that had a lot of Democrats sort of biting their fingernails, some nervousness. It was a national number and plenty of reasons to potentially cast out on this single poll. But it did seem to show a little bit of a different story than kind of what the summer had brought for Kamala Harris. Do you think that that sense of the race that that poll generated, the way people reacted to it, is the accurate one? Or do you think she is that she has many paths to 270 electoral votes, shall I say? Let me put it that way. I think that there are paths, many, you know, there are various different states that are battleground states. I will tell you, I think that poll is an accurate poll with all due respect. I think the CNN poll that showed her four points up was not accurate. There had been two other polls in Michigan that I trust and know the pollsters that both showed the statistical dead heat. She was down a point in a little fraction in each of them. I think Michigan is a dead heat. That's before I left last weekend. I want to get home and see after the debate. But there's a lot of competitiveness. His base is energized. Now you've certainly seen her base, our base, the Democratic base, become far more energized. People know. But there's just a lot of people in the middle. I don't understand at times what people see in Donald Trump. They know what will happen to this country if he's president again. But they believe strongly. It's just closer than people realize. In that conversation you had in the wake of the debate, the one that you say brought you back down to earth, do you have any clues from that conversation to explain it? I do. Somebody I'm very close to, I'm sure she'll call me as soon as I leave this set. Immigration. Immigration. He kept going to immigration, immigration, immigration. And I sincerely hope that the American people know that Haitians are not eating dogs and cats and I hate, that that's what we're reduced to. And I think the family was very powerful. That asked him to please stop talking about their son. Aiden Clark was killed with an immigrant driving the bus he was in. But he stayed on message on immigration. And immigration is powerful. It leads to insecurity, fear, both in economics, the job market, total lies about what is being, you know, how much money is being spent. But they're also worried about safety, security, fentanyl, all of that. He stays on message and that resonates with some people. So that sort of wraps up all of the concerns into one. Very interesting. All right, Congresswoman Debbie Dingell, so grateful to have you. Come back after you've been home for a couple days. Let us know. We'll be right back. All right, Congresswoman Debbie Dingell.