 Is America ready for a female president? I don't know. I've got to have a man in charge. That's a couple of days. We didn't ever have a female president. Never had, you know, and I think that people are very worried about that. No way. No misogyny. The election is turning into a battle of the sexes. Other leaders fear him. You know, he gets the word across. Kamala, she doesn't do anything. A growing gulf between how young men and women are voting. In America, they love putting on a show, even when it's the most bitter of match-ups. Michigan versus Michigan State is a fierce rivalry. Two colleges preparing to battle it out on the football field. Everything on the line, and only one, will walk away as champion. The backdrop, not just this huge stadium of 110,000, but the looming election in this pivotal swing state. Game day starts early. The pomp and ceremony of later, preceded by the dirty swamp of the Michigan mud bowl. A messy match-up mirrored in the way students here feel about next week's ballot. How are you feeling about Trump or Harris? Um, honestly, a coin toss. Really? Yeah. I mean, I'm not really sold on either one of them. I'm honestly a little nervous. I voted early, like, two days ago, so I made sure to get my ballot in, but I think that, especially on campus, tensions are very high. The mudslinging isn't consigned to this game. The election is turning into a battle of the sexes. A growing gulf between how young men and women are voting. Something clearly seen by students like Katie. I feel like definitely there's more of, like, young men who are supporting Trump than young women who are supporting Harris. And a lot of young men were, like, very anti-H Harris. Really? Yes. What do you think that's about? I don't know. Just, like, society. I just, like, have the way that we never had a team of presidents, never had, you know, and I think that people are very worried about that and, you know, misogyny. Donald Trump has been reaching out to young male voters, shirking traditional media interviews for conversations with podcasters, influencers and gamers, all popular with the so-called bro vote. Touring the fraternities here in Ann Arbor, the Trump strategy appears to be making a splash with students. He's been doing loads of different podcasts and stuff. Has that, like, filtered through to you guys? It has, yeah. I see a lot more of it. And it, uh... It works. It works. Like, him being with, like, Nelk in the podcast stuff, he...it definitely reaches us. Like, we definitely... We definitely...yeah, we definitely see all that, but it definitely helps, I think. It's a lot better when you're reaching younger. He's smart. He's smart. Good marketing. It's more personable, too. You get to see what he's really like, you know? Honestly, it just feels like he's being honest. He's not being set up. It's not in front of a news media where, you know, sometimes, you know, you see those fake narratives and stuff. With gender becoming such a dividing line, it also raises the age-old question. Is America ready for a female president? I don't know. I've got to have a man in charge. That's a tough one to answer. I think he's more dominant. He's more, uh... Go away! Other leaders fear him, you know? He gets the word across. Kamala, she doesn't do anything. Away from the frat houses, with a few hours before kick-off, it's tailgate time. A chance for fans from both sides to let their hair down together before the rivalry heats up. But politics is never far away, and there's no coming together on that. Here, there's two teams where everyone seems to be mingling. Is that the same within the state and within general politics? Can Democrats and Republicans come together? It used to be. Yeah? It used to be, but we're so divided now. Trump is trying to breach that divide, reaching out to black men, traditional Democrats that poll suggest could switch over to his side. People feel like they're tired of being lied to. You know, there's no... There's no real plan for black America inside of politics. Have we come far? Yes, we have. Have we made strides throughout history? Yes. But people want to get something for their vote. And for a long time, black men, black women, black people have felt like they're not getting enough for their vote. The Democrats have taken them for granted? I believe so, yes, definitely. Despite that, David will still vote for Kamala Harris. As will James. But he's worried the excitement of the Obama years is fading, and Democrats can no longer rely on their vote. Do you think black men will come out in the same numbers that they did for Obama? I don't think we're there. Why not, though? I mean... Why not? You know, I think black men have been overlooked or looked down upon in this country for some time, but, you know, we're strong, and I think we're going to do the right thing. After the build-up, the main event. All that hope and fear felt by fans on both sides now at the mercy of the battle in front of them. The final score in this game, Michigan triumph 24-17. A clear winner, something unlikely in the other matchup in a week's time.