 It's crazy to think that President Trump's policies on the economy would be better for your family, personally. What's up, guys? Boy, Ben, any laws of unintended consequences when you go out into the real world expecting your real answers from people that are really pissed about the way things are going? MSNBC is one of the perfect places to find clips like this because they actually think that the world that exists inside of the fabrication of Washington, D.C. and New York, Manhattan Island specifically is reality. And it's not actually, even though those places are decrepit messes as well. All of the country is in shambles because of Joe Biden, MSNBC and the policies that they push. And when they go to, let's say, black barber shops in the South, they hear things like this. People in your orbit who are either voting for Donald Trump or considering it? For sure. A lot of my friends are obviously my age, so we're a little bit younger. We've only voted once, you know, for a president. And Trump is kind of all we know. And they're kind of Trump and Biden. They're like, well, we were broke with Biden. We weren't with Trump. And we were broke with Biden and we weren't with Trump. And that's all that matters, actually, to most people. This is not a bad thing. This is not a particularly reductionist. People should care about, like, the way that they are living their lives. And is that government official making their lives better or worse? And if you have money to live in your bank account, that means your life is better. If you can't live, that means your life is worse. And so voters vote like that. And then most of the time, voters want to be left the hell alone. All right. You're probably one of them. And I certainly am one, too. And so this is what MSNBC found going to black barbershops and MSNBC. Well, they're back for more punishment. MSNBC went to Michigan to speak to young voters and undecided voters about boogeymen for MSNBC like January 6th. Is this something that's on the top of mind for voters as gas grocery prices? No one can afford a house. Crippling crime, open borders, immigration, making this country a third world hellscape? No, actually, it's not what it's not what people think. In fact, the people, the kids who were asked about January 6th go one guy goes February 6th and another person says, I don't feel any way about it. I want my life to get better here in Michigan. This is a state that is hurting. Check it out. Today we are coming to you live from the crucial swing state of Michigan, where yesterday we spoke with union workers, a key voting block in the state about what they care about and just as importantly, what they're just not paying all that much attention to. So again, my name is Connor, but, uh, February 6th, January 6th. Um, so I remember that day, I know he was the standing president. Um, I am not familiar with the charges that are being brought against him for that. I don't, I'm not following that charge for the, there's multiple court cases going on. I'm just not familiar with it. And, and do you think you, I mean, that doesn't sound like it's going to be a factor in deciding who to vote for. No. If you're watching this show tonight odds are you watch a lot of news. We thank you for it. Odds are you know quite a bit about January 6th and the litany of criminal and civil cases brought against Donald Trump. But this election is likely to come down to just a few thousand voters for whom keeping up with political news is not a priority. So how do you reach this vanishingly small group of voters who don't fit into traditional political models, who don't conform to typical political profiles, who are frustratingly elusive and might end up determining this entire election. The reporter here, Alex Wagner from MSNBC, absolutely shocked, horrified, and gasping that their propaganda of the multi-billion dollar Democrat Party machine that is MSNBC, hasn't broken through to your regular factory workers in Michigan. You know, it has broken through that life sucks under this regime and that Donald Trump is being persecuted by lawfare. This is an amazing clip. Has all of the felonies and indictments against Trump has, has that worked to persuade voters actually has made him more popular. Watch. So as much as these undecided voters are unsure about the candidates, however undefined their decision making process appears to be, you can see what issues are foremost in their minds in this critical swing count. But what is maybe just as interesting is what was not on the minds of those undecided voters. Issues that have received a ton of media attention in this state and in this election, issues like abortion access and Donald Trump's lawlessness covered exhaustively by the national news media. Those were not the kinds of things these undecided voters were focused on. Does anybody have any idea about what's happening in the federal courts relating to Donald Trump's the January 6th event and what's going on there with Trump? Wait, let's just let me, I'm sorry to keep going back to you, but so like, you haven't talked to me about your level of interest in the criminal charges and so forth. February 6th, January 6th. So I remember that day I know he was the standing president. I'm not familiar with the charges that are being brought against him for that. I don't I'm not following that charge or the there's multiple court cases going on. I'm just not familiar with it. I mean, that doesn't sound like it's going to be a factor in deciding who to vote for. No. OK, so when I when I say January 6th, what do you think? Oh, I just remember seeing it on the news, like all the riots and stuff. Don't really know what it was about or what happened, though. Did it? I mean, how did it make you feel when you saw it? I don't know. I don't really feel any way about it. I don't I mean, people showed their emotion, I guess, probably in the wrong way. But it happened. Who here has been following the decisions from the Supreme Court? Raise your hands. Yeah. OK, I'm seeing like only a handful. Who here knows what the Dobbs decision is? One person. OK, that's super interesting. What about abortion? Is that an issue that you think? I think it's the woman's right. Yeah, nobody should be able to dictate that at all. And what do you think of Trump's position on abortion? I think he's anti, isn't he? Yeah. He wants to control that. Yeah. Well, I don't think he has any business even talking about it. What about abortion? The productive choice. Is that something that you guys think about? Is it something that concerns you? I think each side is a little too crazy. They meet in the middle. What do you mean by that? What do you mean by that? I think they go one, two, one way and then too much the other way. So you think Democrats are too open ended on abortion and Republicans are too restrictive? OK, what about you? Is that something you think about? Same as her. I think there's something around there. Something you think about? I don't know. You don't have to? Well, I don't really have an opinion on it. I haven't looked into it or even thought about it, really. It is a stunning reminder that stories in national media covers intensely stories which certainly matter to a considerable number of Americans in general. But those stories are not necessarily the deciding factors for these elusive undecided voters, especially undecided voters who don't get their news from traditional media and who may not even be particularly interested in current events in general. For those voters, what matters most, what may ultimately determine their vote this year, are the conversations they have within their community. In this case, that means fellow members of their union, a local 85, and especially those members who have made up their minds and who understand the stakes of the 2024 election. The MSNBC reporter goes on to be horrified that union members, many who are in the audience, are dismayed that criminal aliens are working for pennies on the dollar and stealing jobs, money, value out of the American tax base and economy. Here we go. Who here is voting for the first time? Is this anybody's first election? You guys back here. What's sort of made its way across your radar? Any stories or issues or positions? Mostly just immigration. Can you talk a little bit more about that? What about immigration have you been paying attention to? There are thousands and thousands of illegal immigrants coming across the border every day, and the vice president has done minimal work to fix that based on what I've seen. So I'd like that to change. Do you feel like Donald Trump's going to be better on that issue? Based on what we've seen on his first four years, I do believe that he will be better on that. Do you... are you leaning towards Trump right now? Yes, ma'am. Is there anything that Vice President Harris could do at this point to change your mind? Not particularly, no. Unless she changes her stance completely on fixing the border. That's... no. This is your first election? Yeah, it is. And have you been paying attention to stuff? Some things, but as of right now, it's kind of hard to know what is true and what's false, as far as both parties are concerned. Like, what issue matters to you the most? Definitely are issues concerning democracy and what was discussed before the border. What about immigration concerns you? The influx in illegal immigration is affecting a lot more than just the people, but our economy, we're losing jobs for the people who live here. People are, you know, running out of work and in return, it's making life as a whole for the country harder. Do you feel like one candidate or the other is better on that issue? Like, I don't know what to believe from what I'm seeing from multiple news outlets and what comes across my newsfeed and whatnot, so I'm not super opinionated either way. How do you think you're going to ultimately decide? I know we talked to one gentleman who said, I think I'm just going to kind of go with my heart on election day. As the election comes a little closer, I think the more I see and the more truth that ends up coming out, I'll be able to make them more educated. And of course, young voters are going to be concerned about the ability to buy a home and start their American dream. Home is the number one repository of wealth. It is the only way that you really are able to grow and to gain some semblance of freedom in society and be able to live on your own land, stand up straight and be a man. And the young voters, of course, especially young men, are saying, that's Joe Biden took that away from me. I'll never forgive him for it. I'm voting for Trump. I also saw that there were a large number of union workers, particularly younger union workers who were undecided. And throughout our discussion, it was clear that many of those undecided voters saw immigration and the southern border as a major concern. They were also particularly motivated by concerns about the economy, including inflation and the rising cost of housing. Do you think the housing is an issue? Yes, I actually just recently purchased a home. So yes, I do think that it is too high. It's just the cost of a livable move in ready home nowadays is just absurd. I think, in my opinion, to where before I feel like you could buy a house for a reasonable price and not have to have a ton of work put into it. I just recently purchased a house as well. And this house has gone up fifty thousand dollars in the past five years. So I mean, just looking at the prices in the past five years, you know, why has it gone up so much? What can we do to bring it back down to what it was? We're fortunate enough. Our wages have been able to keep up with inflation. But a lot of people, they haven't been so fortunate and they have to choose between paying bills, buying food, putting food on the table. You know, so I think that's going to play a big factor in this election. Like he said, if you can't afford to have a house or buy your family food, then nothing else really matters. It is exactly these answers, which is why Donald Trump is now winning effectively on all of the swing states. Donald Trump is winning in many national polls now. Could Donald Trump win the popular vote? Well, he is a populist candidate and populism is popular. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a remarkable time and a remarkable election. I think people are absolutely done with bull quite frankly. They're sick of the lies. And I commend MSNBC. I do for going out into the real world and asking real people their thoughts and then airing them, showing how utterly out of touch and sniveling, cringe worthy their network is to not care about these problems for real Americans. Fighting for you as a real American, please like, share and subscribe here. But you're worth any. See ya.