 Well, ladies and gentlemen, we do have more great polling news for none other than Donald J. Trump. We've got a new Harris X poll. They've updated their polls and they've got Donald Trump up by two now. That's a six point swing. This is just the general election popular vote. This is very good news, folks. We've got Harris plus four. That was their last poll back in mid-September. Now it's Trump plus two. And how about the battleground states? This is another death blow to Harris. Trump is sitting plus eight when you combine all the battleground states and all their polling. And I would imagine Harris acts if they've got this. What about the individual state by state? You've got the total, right? Just the background. See, I don't know. Why do they do this? We have to get these pollsters to stop doing this. We like that Trump is up eight when you combine the battlegrounds. Can we not get the data state by state by state? Can we get that? Is that too much to ask for? Like why are we combining them? But we like that Trump is up. We like that Trump is up by eight. This is a very good poll for Trump. And I said that once the other Harris poll gets knocked off because that Harris X poll that was in the aggregate and now it's not anymore. And so now Kamala is only sitting plus point six. This is very annoying. Another reason. Otherwise it would be like point two. But it's this tracking poll that they're putting in now. It's the TIPP. Harris is back up to plus two. It had Trump plus two a few days ago. Now it's updated. I'm not sure it's a good idea to have a tracking poll in the aggregate average. It just doesn't make any sense to me. A daily tracking poll where it updates every day and they put it in here. So maybe this will change tomorrow. And but it just doesn't make sense why you would have that. But this is the Forbes Harris X Trump plus two. Now Kamala's lead is down to point six. It was point nine yesterday. We're following it with a microscope here and we're seeing Kamala Harris's lead slowly slip away. But it doesn't even matter even if we go into election night with her plus point six. It's a horrible, horrible spot. Biden was plus eight. Hillary was plus six. Trump is the ultimate closer. And this is going to be an epic swing if Trump actually takes the lead in terms of the popular vote seriously. It's this TIPP if they had a Trump plus two, I think it'd be like Harris plus point two or point one at this point in terms of the spread that CBS news poll is going to get knocked off next and it's a Harris plus three. They're gonna have to update. Yeah, CBS is going to come out and probably say Harris is up by one if I had to guess. Fox News is going to we don't want the Atlas Intel to get knocked off. No, I don't think the Atlas Intel will get knocked off because they don't release many polls anyways. I think the Atlas Intel is probably staying the Emerson Harris plus. I mean, that's basically a tie. But the Reuters is just crap. They've been horrible this entire cycle. It's nauseating. But listen, this is really good news. The compost comes out with a Harris plus four. But then Harris X says, you know what? We're going to be honest for once and we're going to say that Donald Trump is up by two points. But guys, we also do have some unfortunate news. Let's see if they put it in here. They did put it in here. We've got Quinnipiac. And you know what? The thing is with Quinnipiac, it's like I have a relationship with Quinnipiac. Like back in 2020, Quinnipiac was abusing me. They seriously with the pollster was. I mean, like every poll was terrible. And then it's like we went to group therapy and like couples therapy. And then we had a great relationship and Quinnipiac was putting out good polls and then they had a relapse. What is this crap with a Harris plus four in Michigan after everything we've been through? But guys, Trump is still up in Michigan, but that's going to warp the average there. That's that's not a good poll from Quinnipiac. Quinnipiac spend better this year and then they have a relapse. Why? You're at the end of the site. You're going to be accurate. Harris is not winning Michigan by one point, let alone four points. Quinnipiac, let's be honest. But there it is. And it warps the average. Now Trump's down to plus point six and you've got liberals left and right. They're going to use this and say, oh, she's trending in Michigan. It was reported yesterday that she didn't even think she was going to win Michigan. Her internal campaign reported it. And they're saying like she's screaming at the top of her lungs at people and she's just miserable to be around Harris. And now she's not even doing rallies. But Quinnipiac. This is sad to see. It was such a it was such a growing period for Quinnipiac the pollster, but they've had this relapse now and oh, I think they do have Trump up by two in Wisconsin or is it tied? I think they had it tied. They also. Yeah, they got it tied. I mean, you know, I can understand that poll tied in Wisconsin. Wisconsin is going to be very, I mean, this is crazy. So that's five polls that have it tied in the aggregate. Trump plus point one in the overall average. My goodness. But remember, normally Wisconsin underestimates Trump. But guys, the big thing we're really looking at right now. I mean, you can see Biden was plus five point four. He barely won the state. Hillary was plus six. She lost. Now Trump's plus point one. He's obviously pulling a lot better. And when you look at the betting and they'll cope and they'll say it's just it's just Republican deejans. Well, no, these are real. I mean, you want to talk about people putting money. I mean, that's a that's a multi billion dollar market on Polymarket. You really think they're Republican deejans. What about all the liberal whales during the debate when they manipulated it? They don't know what to talk about that. Remember when liberal whales manipulated Polymarket during the debate and acted like Kamala one. They don't want to bring that up, do they? But no, now it's all Republican deejans dollars versus four hundred and forty two. There's a lot of money in this market. But I thought it was a little bit more than that. So technically this can be manipulated a little bit. And you can see recently there's been some liberal. Well, there's really hasn't been much movement. This is the past six. Well, there's actually been a lot of a lot of movement in the past six hours. Holy crap. Trump went up from 60 was 66 down to 61 back up to 63. That's interesting. But oh, the total volume is what I was talking about. Two point one billion total volume on the presidential election winner. But guys, either way, I would say that Harvard Harris poll. Very, very good news. You've got the battleground states. I'm hoping they release because if Trump's plus eight in the battleground states, you would figure he's probably got some very good leads and that's going to help the overall aggregate on real clear politics. But we need the state by state by state by state release a poll in Michigan. If they release a poll in Michigan, it's probably Trump plus three. Wisconsin, Trump plus two. Pennsylvania, Trump plus four. Arizona, Trump plus five. I'm estimating based off of this, they're saying Trump's winning by eight. I have to do these calculations. It's it's Trump's leading all these swing states if Trump's up eight, but they combine them, it's like, why see, why are we combining these? This doesn't make any sense. But either way, guys, that's just the situation when it comes to this. We've got Nate Silver now finally admitting that Trump's going to win. We knew it was going to happen. It was inevitable. He said, quote, My gut says Donald Trump. And my guess is that it is true for many anxious Democrats. So he's saying that Trump's barely going to win. And I think a lot of these liberals are going to say it's just a pure toss up. There's the plus eight right there in terms of all of them combined. Plus eight. That is a crazy, crazy poll, man. It's a crazy, crazy, crazy poll. Let's see if I have anything else. We've got Republicans on the verge of winning the early vote in North Carolina was plus six STEM in 2020 plus seven in 2022. Yeah, there's going to be more day of Dems voting for sure. But I mean, dude, you win the early vote in a swing state like North Carolina. But again, the thing other thing with North Carolina, there's a lot of like nonaffiliated like half a third of them are nonaffiliated, I think. So it's hard to tell because in the early voting, you just know Republican Democrat or other. And so listen, I don't think North Carolina like this is good for this is good news. But when it comes to this early voting, I've cautioned people and I've warned people we need to calm down on this stuff because either way, whether it's good, bad, number one, it's just a snapshot. We're not going to really know the early voting and how well Trump did towards like until right before the election, because there's still early voting going on for the next week and a half or whatever right until the election. And then we'll know how well Trump did. But we can gauge the enthusiasm and the lack of enthusiasm among certain demographics, which which is really key. And also first time voters, things like that. So there's a lot of enthusiasm right now for Trump. It's very good. And I do think that I mean, every swing state to me looks good for Trump and really all these polls, you know, you get Quinnipiac. Come on, let's not have a relapse. But no, they got to they got to put out a poll that has Harris. You know, Harris is not going to win Michigan by four and then Wisconsin be a tie. It's just it's not going to be that much of a variance. More likely than not, all the top experts have come together and said Trump probably two and a half point victory in Michigan, probably about a two point victory in Wisconsin and like a three point two victory in Pennsylvania with the Elon Musk factor and everything and all the free speech and all the threats and all the assault against Trump and the assassination attempt and all it all comes together in Pennsylvania. And Trump probably wins by around three point two. But either way, guys, it is going to do it for this video. Make sure you follow me on X. Link to that's always in the description.