 Good evening and thank you so much for joining us on Fox 17 News Tonight. I'm Josh Berry and I'm Samantha Miss from the Balance of Power in Congress to the resident of the White House. Michigan's votes will play a pivotal role this election cycle and the build up to election night has already proven that new tonight. We're looking into why Michigan matters. Michigan matters because it itself is close. The mitten is as purple as it comes. A sea of red with high concentrations of blue, a perfect storm that has attracted nonstop visits by both sides of the presidential ticket. Turnout, turnout, turnout. And so they're trying to keep both sides really excited and energized. We talked with Michigan State political science professor Eric Yankee. He says a number of perfect storm elements factor into the frequent visits, underlying demographics, a competitive Senate race and even the geographical makeup of the state. You have the bigger cities, Grand Rapids, Detroit, Lansing area. And so you can visit these places, Kalamazoo and and and really affect a lot of votes. So it's not like you've got to hit 10 different spots to go and get your message across. You can really kind of concentrate as to get through the state in West Michigan and Kent County. Specifically, we've seen each of the four candidates at the top of the ticket this year. It's anybody's race now and for the foreseeable future has a purple state. We're gonna continue to kind of be the focus of these elections for the coming years. Now for us to understand what's ahead, we're gonna take a step back to contextualize better just how close this race is. Now we know that Michigan is one of several key swing states across the country that many of them were able to be flipped from 2016 to 2020 when Biden took over the White House. If we take a closer look at Michigan itself and we go back and forth between 2016 and 2020 and look closely at the two blue counties that you're seeing there. One of those is Saginaw County on the east side of the state. The other one here in West Michigan is Kent County. Those are the only two counties that Biden was able to flip in 2020. If we look in closely in 2020 to our side of the state and we zoom in on Kent County and we look at how many voters there were voters focused much more on these two candidates, Biden and Trump than they did any other candidates on the ballot much more so than they did in 2016. In fact, there were 66,000 new Democrat and Republican voters in 2020. Democrats made up 73% of those new voters in Kent County, which is one key reason why the Democrats and Republicans have focused on not just Michigan, but West Michigan as a whole because they know that things can swing drastically in one way or another. Democrats are hoping for a repeat of 2020. Republicans are hoping for a repeat of 2016.