 Michigan is at the center of a lot of national political discussions right now. As a swing state that went for Donald Trump in 2016 and for Joe Biden in 2020, our state's electors are apprised that both parties hope to claim. For Vice President Kamala Harris, the state's recent political history might hold some valuable lessons on winning as a woman. This is Stateside, I'm April Baer. It was big news when in 2018 Michigan voters elected female candidates to three of the state's top offices. Gretchen Whitmer as governor. I guess we're going to have to fix the damn roads now, right? Dana Messle. It is impossible for me to overstate how honored and privileged I am to be standing before you today as Attorney General of this incredible state. And Jocelyn Benson as Secretary of State. It is a new day for democracy here in the state of Michigan. BBC reporter Madeleine Halpert has been thinking about Michigan's history with women candidates for higher office. And whether there's something to be learned about the presidential contest by looking at our state's leadership. You know, I grew up in Michigan and so have been quite familiar with our female leadership. Obviously, Governor Whitmer now and former governor Jennifer Granholm. And so, of course, now there are three three women leaders at the top of the state. You know, we obviously didn't expect to have a woman candidate in the race. We thought it was going to be President Joe Biden. So as soon as Harris jumped into the race, I thought this would be kind of an interesting place to kind of get a pulse from voters and experts on her chances in the state. But also, you know, nationally. And if there's anything to be learned from what has happened in Michigan. Yeah. Generally speaking, I guess at the most basic level, we know that female candidates face more superficial criticisms than male politicians about how they look, how they carry themselves, how they speak. I mean, I think about watching Sarah Palin, Hillary Clinton and so many others campaign over the years. What do you think has has actually made the difference in in getting a yes from voters with people like Jocelyn Benson, Gretchen Whitmer and Dana Nessel? Do you think that there is one particular style or strategy that women on the ballot have have proved is a success? You know, what I heard from several experts and voters I talked to is that women leaders in Michigan have done really well at connecting with the average Michigan resident. One woman I spoke to, she's the leader of FEMS for Dems, just a liberal advocacy group for women in Michigan. And she said that Governor Whitmer, Attorney General Dana Nessel, Secretary of State Jocelyn Benson and former governor of Granholm, they're straight talking, strong women, she said. So I think with women candidates, we often see them subjected to kind of walking this tight rope between being tough, but not too tough. But these Michigan politicians, they've really been able to strike this balance between toughness and compassion. And and they really communicate in a way that's understandable for the average Michigan voter. So I think it's these communication skills, along with their really continued presence in the community. I heard this from a lot of voters that they've really seen Governor Whitmer on the ground in their communities. And I think that's really helped them rise to the top in Michigan. Probably good advice for any candidate. Show up. Yes. Yeah. You had a super interesting conversation with a voter who lives in a small town in Ottawa County, which tends to lean Republican on the west side of the state. And she talked about being clearly diligent. Support for Michigan Public's stateside podcast comes from Lake Trust Credit Union, working to empower financial well-being for Michigan consumers, businesses and communities committed to financial solutions and advice to support people and families. More information at LakeTrust.org. Delighted to have a chance to vote for a woman, assuming that all goes well with the convention and that Kamala Harris is, you know, is on the ballot this year. Even she, though, said that she thinks Harris would have a difficult time convincing other people who think who might who might believe that a female leader is represents a drastic change for this country. Did you get the sense that her experience in her hometown was what informed that or was that something you heard from other voters? It's something I heard from other women voters, not just in the western part of the state, but also in Detroit. You know, I think there is this worry that, you know, times are different, but, you know, women candidates still face a number of challenges. I mean, you talked about some of them before, you know, being subjected to criticisms about their appearance and how they carry themselves. And we also know that, you know, Vice President Harris is is up against a strong candidate, you know, former President Trump, who has a lot of support in Michigan. Before I talked to voters, I went to a rally for Trump in Grand Rapids and it was his first rally since the assassination attempt and the crowds were just absolutely massive. So, you know, I think that's one way the race is a little bit different for Harris than it is for for the Michigan leaders. They didn't face as tough of an opponent. But one thing I also talked about with experts is that, you know, there is some evidence to suggest that times are changing since, you know, Hillary Clinton ran for president in 2016. You know, some polling suggests negative perceptions about women in office are changing. A lot of, you know, Trump's victory actually inspired a lot of women to run. We saw a record number of women running for office in 2020. So perhaps, you know, this could work in Vice President Harris's favor. It's time for a short break. More on the women leading Michigan and the insight they might offer about this year's presidential election in just a minute. Some Republicans hold the belief that Kamala Harris is not having children will doom her race for president. There was a there was a comment that J.D. Vance made some years ago, actually talking about the current cohort of leadership in the Democratic Party suggesting that that was a liability. Do those claims hold up with folks that you spoke with? You know, I didn't hear much about that at all from voters. And in fact, what I heard from experts and some female voters is that kind of attack, you know, especially on Vice President Harris's background, we've seen attack on attacks on her. Republicans calling her a D.E.I. candidate. Experts and voters. I talked to my impressions from that is that it doesn't really land well. Doesn't land well with voters, especially kind of undecided women voters. This kind of these kind of attacks really turn them off. So it's a strategy that perhaps the Trump campaign will be reevaluating. Yeah, it's certainly true that there might be step parents out there throughout the country. Right. Yes. I forgot to mention that Vice President Harris is a step parent to two children. So some might be inclined to challenge whether step parenting isn't is not indeed parenting in past campaigns. Governor Whitmer and Vice President Harris have both been fierce defenders of reproductive rights after the Dobbs decision, you know, knock down Roe versus Wade. Michigan voters then codified reproductive rights into our state's constitution. Can you say a little bit more about Harris's record on reproductive rights and whether or not that might be of advantage with an issue that we have seen has historically had power to turn out women voters? Absolutely. I mean, you mentioned Michigan. I think that issue really helped Whitmer cement her victory in her reelection campaign after the fall of Roe v. Wade and a year when abortion was on the ballot in Michigan. And Vice President Harris, you know, we've also seen her campaign quite a bit on this issue. She's visited an abortion clinic. It's an issue that could be on the ballot in several more swing states in November. So it's one that experts think she would do really well to capitalize on. And it's also an issue where they think she has an advantage being the messenger as a woman who is affected by these issues. So, you know, experts think she's a better messenger than Biden. So that's something that could really help her out in November and that she would do well to capitalize on. Does your experience tell you whether the things that can play into a woman candidate at the top of the ballot, the kind of things we've been talking about that play into into a candidate's favor with Democratic voters might also make a difference for Republican women running for office or for candidates seeking to seeking to attract independent voters? Well, I think in terms of representation, it does make a difference. Right. One question I asked voters is, are you excited to vote for a woman? Is that factoring at all into your decision about who you're going to vote for? And they said, yes, that you know, you mentioned the woman in Ottawa County. She was really excited to vote for a woman for the first time. So I think that could excite some Republican women voters for sure, especially since we haven't seen a ton of Republican women candidates. On the other hand, you know, there are issues, especially the issue of reproductive rights that's really thorny for the Republican Party. They haven't really been able to come to a unified message on that. So that could pose a challenge, issues like that for a Republican woman candidate. You know, the more I think about this, the United States is one of one of a few countries in in North America and in Western Europe and other places in the world that is unusual in not having had a woman head of states so far. I mean, the UK certainly has Israel, India. Germany, all of these all of these places we've seen we've seen women running successfully for public office was just the fact of the United States not having done this. Did you feel like that in and of itself was enough to get the attention of voters you spoke with? I think so. Although, of course, you know, Hillary Clinton ran before. Like I said, it might have been it. I think it in some respects is a different environment. But with Harris, we're just seeing a lot of momentum. I mean, you know, you saw the rally in Detroit recently. She had just an absolutely massive crowd. So I think it's, you know, her being a woman running for office and, you know, we haven't had a woman as president is a part of that. Also, her being a woman of color. That's, you know, something I talk to experts about that that a lot of Michigan voters and voters around the country who are daughters of immigrants, South Asian, black women, they can really relate to. And it would be powerful for them to have a candidate who represents them and seeks to represent them on the issues that matters to them. It's the story focuses a lot on, you know, Harris's advantages, but also the challenges of running for office as a woman. I think, you know, the consensus was really there's a lot of excitement around her candidacy, a lot of excitement to see a woman of color running for office. She's up against a lot of challenges as a woman candidate, like many other women have faced. But it could be her diverse background that really pulls voters into a race that, you know, just months ago, we were seeing Democrats being quite apathetic about with Biden as the candidate. Madeline Halpert reports on North American news and issues for the BBC. You can read her story about what the Harris campaign might learn from Michigan's women electeds at the BBC website. Madeline, thank you. Thanks so much for having me. And that's the Stateside podcast for today. I'm April Bear. You can find full Stateside episodes when you're ready for longer listens at MichiganPublic.org. Our podcast today was produced by April Van Buren. Other producers on our show are Mike Blank, Ronya Kavansag and our show's director, Mercedes Mejia. Our executive producer is Laura Weber Davis. Pod music comes from Blue Dot Sessions and from Audio Network. Thanks for listening. We'll see you next time. Till then, take care.