 Today, early voting begins in Detroit, and both Kamala Harris and Donald Trump are making their pitch to voters in the all-important battleground state of Michigan. In this election, everything we have fought for, for years in this movement, in this movement, for unions and for labor, is on the line. Donald Trump's track record is a disaster for working people. And he is, I believe, an existential threat to America's labor movement. I am proclaiming to the people of this state that by the end of my term, the entire world will be talking about the Michigan miracle and the stunning rebirth of Detroit. Joining us now is former Michigan GOP gubernatorial candidate, Tudor Dixon. Tudor, great to see you this morning. Thanks for getting up early with us. Tell us what you think the state of play is right now in Michigan. Well, you guys have been talking about it all morning. Not only is it your freedom of religion, but you also have the EV mandates. And we just had Crane's business report last week that Stellantis is talking to Whitmer because they are looking at moving their headquarters out of the state of Michigan. Can you imagine Ford, Dodge, Ram and Chrysler moving out of the state of Michigan? That would just be devastating to the auto workers. This is a ridiculous situation that we're in under the Biden-Harris and Whitmer regime. And that's all because of EV mandates. But you're right. Well, you said something really interesting about how they're telling you you can drive whatever you want, but the mandates tell you something different. And that's, Alyssa Slotkin is also doing that here in the state of Michigan. You noted that she had Trump in her ads. She's running for Senate. And now she's saying, I live on a dirt road. I can't have an EV. So I'll let you get whatever car you want. But she voted for those EV mandates. Right. You know, Tudor, we were discussing even off camera and on the couch about this endorsement by this mayor, this Arab American mayor in Michigan. Tell us what that means. Is that an isolated case? Are you seeing, what are you seeing in the Arab American community? Is that important? And could it swing things for Donald Trump? Absolutely. Because what we're seeing right now is that there's kind of two factions in the Arab American community. One of which is saying they want to stay home. They don't want to vote for either. And the other is this group from Yemen who is saying we want to support Donald Trump. If we have the Arab American community come out and support Donald Trump in that way, that is a huge change for the state of Michigan. And it's definitely a huge change for Democrats in the state of Michigan. Also you have to remember, these folks are listening when they mock religion as well. This is all about religious freedom. When we talk about the Catholics, the Catholics have not only this week been offended by Kamala Harris, but also by Gretchen Whitmer. And so these folks of other religions are watching this and saying, if you feel this way about faith, you're going to feel this way about all faiths. And we do not want to take the chance of you ratcheting back our religious liberties. So has there been a kind of a blowback for Gretchen Whitmer over that really bizarre thing she did on the social media with the giving the communion with the Dorito? Did people notice that at home? Oh, absolutely. There were protests outside of her home the next day. Catholic bishops went to her house with a bunch of parishioners that went outside of her home and protested her. So you add that, think about that, you add that to then a few days later Harris not going to the dinner in DC and then mocking Catholicism with the Molly Shannon skit. When you put that all together and then as you noted, Rachel, she went to Wisconsin and was talking about pro-lifers not being a part of their party anymore. Where do pro-life or religious faithful people fit in the Democrat party? And I think that's a question certainly in Michigan today, which is coming from both Harris and Whitmer. And when you have that happen in Michigan, if you lose the Catholics, if you lose half of the Arab American community, there's no path for Harris. That's fascinating. That really is fascinating. Okay, Tudor, thank you so much for being with us this morning. I'm Steve Ducey. I'm Brian Kilmeade. And I'm Ainsley Earhart. And click here to subscribe to the Fox News YouTube page to catch our hottest interviews and most compelling analysis.