 Good evening and welcome. We have begun the last smile on the road to the White House with just over a week to go the finish line now in sight and both Donald Trump and Kamala Harris focusing on their closing messages. The Trump campaign however also working to put some distance between itself and a campaign rally in New York City last night that sparked fallout across the partisan divide. When one of the rally speakers, a comedian, uttered a racist characterization about Puerto Rico along with other racist jokes targeting black, Jewish and Latino people. The lewd jokes being condemned by some Republicans as well as Democrats. The episode threatening to overshadow what is likely to be Mr. Trump's closing argument that he will fix what Harris has broken. The Harris campaign quickly going on the offensive seizing on the comedian's remarks as it prepares its own closing argument. It's where we start tonight with Garrett Haik. Tonight former president Trump in battleground Georgia. I think it's going to be the most important election in the history of our country. It comes after Trump's massive rally packing Madison Square Garden in deep blue New York City, the start of his closing argument. On issue after issue Kamala broke it but I will fix it. We're gonna fix it. Tonight the Trump campaign facing bipartisan backlash over racist comments from a comedian who spoke earlier including this about Puerto Rico. I don't know if you guys know this but there's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. Yeah I think it's called Puerto Rico. Okay all right okay we're getting there. Trump's campaign distancing itself saying quote this joke does not reflect the views of President Trump or the campaign. Today Vice President Harris going after Trump. It is absolutely something that is intended to and is banning the fuel of trying to divide our country. Republicans blasting the comedian's comment too including congresswoman Maria Salazar calling it disgusting saying it does not reflect GOP values. Florida Senator Rick Scott saying it's not funny and it's not true. And now Puerto Rican music superstar and Harris supporter Bad Bunny weighing in reposting to his 45 million Instagram followers. Harris's message to Puerto Rico about Trump. He abandoned the island tried to block aid after back to back devastating hurricanes. I'm very proud to have the support of folks like Bad Bunny and Jennifer Lopez and others who were supporting me before that nonsense last night at Madison Square Garden. J.D. Vance today responding. I haven't seen the joke. I'm not going to comment on the specifics of the joke but I think that we have to stop getting so offended at every little thing in the United States of America. I'm just I'm so over it. Today in Pennsylvania reactions from Puerto Rican supporters of Trump. I didn't really get offended like because I know people just like the gospel and of Harris. All those disgusting with our weeks need to be stopped. The Puerto Rican vote could prove pivotal in Pennsylvania the biggest swing state where some 300000 voting age Puerto Ricans could cast ballots. Our recent poll shows among Latinos overall Harris leads but Trump performs better with Latino men splitting the vote with Harris. Meanwhile the MSG rally also featuring Trump supporter and billionaire Elon Musk. Massive crushing victory. Get everyone friends family people on the street put the signs up put the hat on. Let's go. Today Philadelphia's Democratic DA filing a lawsuit to stop Musk's daily million dollar giveaway to registered voters who sign his petition supporting free speech and the Second Amendment. The DA calling it an illegal lottery. Musk has not responded but President Biden did today. I think it's totally inappropriate. All right Garrett joining us now Garrett what is Elon Musk saying tonight. Lester his spokesperson responding to us today with simply a photo of the contest most recent winner suggesting he's not backing down. And tonight a Trump campaign source tells me that despite endorsing the former president Nikki Haley and Trump are now increasingly unlikely to appear together in this race's closing days. Lester. All right Garrett. Thank you. Vice President Harris Chris Crossing battleground Michigan today where she focused on the economy as she prepares her closing pitch to voters tomorrow. Here's Kelly O'Donnell. All in on Michigan today with Vice President Harris making three stops. Her job here hammering her economic message. My approach will strengthen America in many ways including our economy. Donald Trump will weaken America and our economy. The vice president seeing a semiconductor plant in Saginaw. Meeting union labor trainees in Macomb County. On the issue specifically of what is good for unions and union labor he's been awesome. Tonight in Ann Arbor a rare rally reunion with running mate Tim Walls who met with union machinists in Wisconsin this morning and pounded former president Trump's record. He talks a big game but he was an absolute disaster for working people. While overall polls show a razor thin race across the battleground states. A closer look at the economy brings out a sharp divide. 42 percent of voters said if Trump wins they would be better off financially but just 24 percent say they would be better off under Harris. Joseph Knowles a recently laid off auto worker has been a lifelong democrat. Now he's supporting Trump. Right now I think Trump is the is the best to help bring back these jobs. To help bring back affordability. Union electrical worker Barry Platt voted early for Harris. She's got plans. Trump doesn't have any plans. And that makes a difference to you. Absolutely. Today Michigan begins processing its early votes with nearly 1.8 million ballots already cast. Among today's early voters President Biden who waited more than 30 minutes to cast his ballot in Delaware. While setup is underway near the White House for Harris to deliver what aides call the closing argument of her candidacy tomorrow night. And Kelly you have some new reporting on VP Harris's closing message tomorrow. Lester aides say that Harris will ask voters to imagine America under a Trump presidency or a Harris presidency that he would have a grievance list about himself where she would have a to do list about the American people. And they say she chose tomorrow's location in Washington because that is where Mr. Trump had urged his supporters to march to the Capitol on January 6th. Lester Kelly O'Donnell thank you. The FBI says it is investigating fires at two ballot drop boxes early today in Portland Oregon and Vancouver Washington. Laura Jared is following this. Laura do authorities think these are related. Yes Lester. Authorities do believe these two fires are intentional and connected as the same car was spotted at both locations today as well as another incident earlier this month in Vancouver. The first fire today in Portland Oregon reported at around 3 30 this morning after someone attached an incendiary device to the side of a ballot dropbacks there. But the county election office says quote fire suppressant protected virtually all of the ballots there. Only three were damaged. Voters were contacted. But then roughly 30 minutes later police responding to another fire at a ballot box less than 10 miles to the north in Vancouver Washington. Potentially hundreds of ballots. They're affected according to officials. Now the FBI is investigating tonight but has not provided any indication of a motive voters can contact Clark County to confirm if their ballot was received and request a replacement ballot if necessary. Lester. Okay Laura thank you for that. Thanks for watching. Stay updated about breaking news and top stories on the NBC News app or follow us on social media.