 We are unveiling a new CNN poll from Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. David Chaleon is where else at the Magic Wall to break it all down. David? Three polls for you today, Dana. Yes, these are our final set of battleground state polls, and today we're focusing on those blue wall states. Take a look at the overall numbers among likely voters in Pennsylvania. Dead heat tie, 48% to 48% in the biggest electoral college vote prize of the battleground map. In Michigan, slight edge for Kamala Harris, 48% to 43%. In Wisconsin, we also see a slight edge for Harris, 51% to 45%. I will note in these two states, the Supreme Court ruled that it's going to stay this way. Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. remains on the ballot, and his presence there may be putting some downward pressure on Trump's numbers there. Let's look at the gender gap across all three states. You see here, I'll start down here in Wisconsin. Trump is up 12 with men. Harris up 21 points with women in our poll. That's certainly helping her there. The gender gap is helping her in Michigan. Men are tied between the two candidates in Michigan in our poll, whereas Harris has an eight-point advantage with female voters in Michigan. But then take a look here. There isn't really much of a wide gender gap. Trump's got a four-point edge with men in Pennsylvania. Harris has a three-point edge with women. That certainly helps explain why the race is tied there. African-American voters. Now, I just want to say, here we're comparing likely voters in a poll, which is different than actual voters that show up in the 2020 exit poll about how the electorate sort of shaped itself and how they voted in Pennsylvania. But as a comparative point, in our poll among likely voters in Michigan, Harris has a 71-point advantage among African-American voters over Donald Trump. Joe Biden in Michigan four years ago, according to the exit polls, won the African-American vote in Michigan by 85 percentage points. So a little bit underperformance there in this poll, but much more dramatically in Pennsylvania. Harris's lead with African-Americans among likely African-American voters in Pennsylvania in our poll is 55 percentage points over Trump. Biden in 2020 in the exit polls won African-American voters in Pennsylvania by 85 percentage points. That is a potential warning sign in places like Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, for the Harris campaign to take a look at. And then interestingly, this is Donald Trump's base, Dan, as you know, white, non-college educated voters. And it is still his base, but he's not performing as strong as he did four years ago if you compare now in Pennsylvania as a 27-point advantage with white non-college voters in our poll among likely voters. But back in the exit polls four years ago, he actually won them in Pennsylvania by 32 points. You see it in Michigan 17. Back then it was 21 points. In Wisconsin in the poll, he has an 11-point edge among white non-college likely voters. But in the 2020 exit polls, he won them by 16 percentage points. So a little bit underperforming with his own base, Dana. So interesting. And what about what voters are saying regarding Harris and Trump and which candidate they think gets them? Yeah, I think it's such a good question. I know there are a lot of numbers here because we tested a whole bunch of candidate qualities. But clearly Harris's best mark across all three of these battleground states is that voters see her far more as honest and trustworthy than they do Donald Trump. But I would look at these next two categories. Cares about people like you puts country ahead of self. I think these two categories were the point of her closing argument speech last night on the ellipse. And those categories are working for her. Obviously she'd like to see them be even bigger advantages across these three states. Shares your vision for the country. In Michigan, she's got a one-point advantage. In Wisconsin, a four-point advantage. Trump actually has the advantage on that category in Pennsylvania. And this is Trump's big advantage right now as a characteristic. Bring change the country needs. He has an edge against Harris among likely voters in all three of these states. Obviously much closer in Michigan and Wisconsin. It's a pretty significant seven-point advantage in Pennsylvania. Harris clearly wants to do some work on this score as well. Who's left in the electorate? Well, not very many people. Most people you see here in the mid-90s, the low 90s, mine made up. You see how what a small percentage are still movable voters. And what about those that already voted? Now we asked people, so among likely voters in our polls in all three states that tell us they've already voted, Harris is actually winning the people who tell us they've already voted in all three states. I would just say it's about a quarter in Pennsylvania and a third in Michigan and Wisconsin, not as big a share as we saw in our poll yesterday in Arizona and Nevada where they have a bigger tradition and a longer tradition of participating prior to election day then. A lot to digest there. Thank you so much, David. We'll see you in approximately five seconds digging into all of this. In addition to David is Bloomberg and CNN's Nia Malika Henderson, Politico's Meredith McGraw. David is coming to the table. We'll be here momentarily. Nia, what's your takeaway from these? You know, listen, the only poll that matters is the one I'm watching. I've heard that somewhere. I just coined it just now. Listen, we'll see what happens. You could tell the work that Kamala Harris needed to do last night, arguing that she's the candidate for change, arguing that she would restore sort of normalcy and decorum and unity in the White House. And you saw her make that implicit comparison. There she was at the ellipse where Donald Trump, of course, invoked his mob to attack the Capitol and her essentially saying she's going to restore American traditions around inclusivity and around democracy's strong speech with an eye towards particularly undecided voters in those swing states, which are a sliver about 5% at this point. Yeah, I don't know where David is. He's coming. He's coming. He got a little, it got a little, no, we'll be here in one second. Yes, it is a sliver of the undecided voters. Let's look at the choice for president now versus August in these three states. Wisconsin, as we just saw, Harris plus six, August Harris plus six, Michigan, Harris plus five, August, Harris plus five. Are you sensing a theme here? Pennsylvania tied now in August time. And it's not as if nothing has happened in the world. Not as if nothing has happened on the campaign trail. We don't time to read all of this. This is just in less than two months. Some of the things that have happened that have had at least a little bit of an impact on this race, but it hasn't moved the numbers. I think that's one of the most remarkable things about the polling that we've seen come across our eyes lately is that over the past few months, as you pointed out, we've seen all these really remarkable moments play out, whether it was assassination attempts or, you know, really scary moments on the world stage. And yet the polling remains consistent pretty much across the board. And when I talk to both campaigns, the phrase that they keep using on both sides is that they're cautiously optimistic and they both point to their own data points, whether it's early voting or it's enthusiasm among their own slices of the electorate that they're leaning on that they feel confident about. But it really is so remarkable that we're not seeing any major shifts here so close to the election. And it's also unusual. You do the stability has been a unique feature in this race across the board. Both campaigns note that as well. And so while the news developments may have been dramatic, the actual structure of the race have not had dramatic terms, which is which is unusual, which is the point I know that you're making is because how many times have we've been covering a campaign and we've said, well, the one they can control their message, the one thing they can't control is what happens with regard to outside events. And a lot has happened that they can't control, but it hasn't changed the numbers. No, it's been remarkably stable. I mean, the biggest change in the numbers we saw in this race was when the candidate changed. Of course. Yeah, yeah. Right. The parameters around this discussion is since yes, the last hundred and two days. Exactly. Yeah, no, exactly. And I'm just staying with the states that these polls came from that we're revealing right now. The blue wall states. We just want to remind our viewers the sort of voting records of these blue wall states. And they are usually, as you can see, obviously blue, which is why they're called the blue wall states. And they're usually pretty consistent in voting together, except for a couple of notable exceptions like 1988 when Wisconsin went for Dukakis and the other two went for Bush. Yeah, listen, and that is the great hope of Democrats, the great hope of Kamala Harris's campaign that these blue wall states were essentially revert to form, right? You saw Donald Trump win miraculously in all three of those states in 2016. Their hope is that their ground game and kind of the DNA of these states basically guarantee that they will win. Listen, it's going to take a lot of work. You see Pennsylvania is a dead heat. It has been that way. There's sort of different demographics in these states, but a lot of similar different demographics. Big black populations in the cities and then suburban areas where they're obviously going out there, taking folks like Liz Cheney to talk to some of those white suburban voters and Republican voters as well. So listen, that seems to be her most likely path to win.