 Welcome back to today's video. Today is Tuesday, October 29th, 2024, and with just seven days out from the 2024 presidential election, a brand new poll released today from Susquehanna University, well known for their Rust Belt polls specific to the state of Pennsylvania, now releasing their poll in the state of Michigan, showing Kamala Harris with a five point advantage across the battleground states, as a number of new polls have come to show Michigan as a state that has increasingly gotten better. For the vice president now on the nuclear politics average, giving Kamala Harris the lead for the first time in quite a bit in this battleground state at a time where we're in the final stretch of the campaign season, the Kamala Harris arguably really does need it. And looking at the numbers from this Michigan poll again coinciding with many of the others that we've seen across the state that show the vice president in a strong enough position to say that she is on track to win the state of Michigan. She is getting numbers, not only out of Michigan, but also out of states like Arizona. The brand new CNN poll today shows Kamala Harris with a one point advantage in Arizona. The last poll they did showed Donald Trump with a five point advantage. A six week change, sorry a six point change in a matter of weeks is obviously something that cannot be ignored. And when it comes down to Michigan, this is a perfect example of that. And now the 538 average also has moved back in favor of Kamala Harris. Obviously she had maintained a lead across the state in different periods of time, a more substantive lead. Around September she had a three point lead across the state and this is around the time too that Kamala Harris' odds of winning the presidency were a lot higher than where they were today. In fact she was at a 64% chance of winning the election according to 538 at that point in time. And now seeing how things have changed back and forth between the vice president and the former president, one has to ask really what is changing about the race that it can really just swing back and forth this much. My honest answer for you is that I just don't think it is changing that much. I do think the predicted winner and the projected winner of some battleground states have changed over time. But not once in the time of the Kamala Harris-Donald Trump matchup have I had states like Michigan in the Donald Trump column and that matters in this election. Because it means that Donald Trump's chance at victory is limited by the states at which he can win, right? When you're looking at Pennsylvania he can win Pennsylvania. When you're looking at Arizona he can win Arizona. When you're looking at Nevada he can win Nevada. But Michigan has been pretty difficult, might I say, for Donald Trump to win and that does make a difference in how you see a pathway forward for the Republican party in this election. And looking at the top line data, just really much what we're getting from this point, is that Kamala Harris is doing well amongst independents and Democrats at large. That's something that the Democratic party had been very worried about, arguably, because they had looked at Michigan and said they were losing support in areas like Detroit and Dearborn. Where you had huge pockets of the Muslim American community, Arab American communities, you had black voters that were just disillusioned with the campaign and with the election. And they looked to it and said, you know, they need to build back up in this battleground state, otherwise they're just simply not going to win it the way they did in 2020, in 2012, in 2008. Because the base just wasn't there for them in this cycle. And so Kamala Harris doing this extensive outreach, I mean, the Michigan campaign, coordinated side from the Democrats, have probably seen nearly $100 million spent on this battleground state. This is a really important one because it's 15 electoral votes. And if Kamala Harris is to win the presidency, the pathway very much does rely on battleground states like Michigan. And should she end up coming to a point where she needs to win a battleground state, if Michigan isn't there, they need to sub that out for a state like Georgia or a state like North Carolina. And those states are arguably a bit more difficult to win than Michigan, which is showing new data points, giving her a five point lead across the state. And now Susquehanna University is no new poll name, you know, to the Rust Belt. They do a lot of polls when it comes down to Pennsylvania. They did it in 22. They do it in 24. They did in 2020. Susquehanna University has had a number of polls. And in some cases, they've underestimated Democratic support or Republican support. In 2022, they said that Dr. Oz, the Republican nominee for Senate here, would win by roughly a point. He not only lost, but lost by five points across the state of Pennsylvania. That's roughly a six point difference. And so seeing that compared to a five point lead for Kamala Harris, it does go to show that even the pollsters that do underestimate Democratic support or Republican support really can show very varying results. And although they may be overestimating Kamala Harris's margin of victory, I don't think she'll win by five points. I do think generally speaking, you can gauge that of anyone they've underestimated thus far, it has mostly been Democrats that they've underestimated. And to that point, too, looking at the cycle, every new polling cycle is very different. And I wouldn't adjust for any previous errors, just pointing out that in some cases, they underestimate Democrats. In some cases, they underestimate Republicans. Now, Susquehanna University hasn't touched many of the states like Michigan before, though. And that's why I find it to be really interesting that they're releasing these new data points. They are largely seen as a really strong standard in the state of Pennsylvania, not 100 percent accurate, but absolutely do get us some very accurate numbers out of the battleground state. And so to see them move over to some other rust belt states, it's exciting when they release new data points. But polling data in states like Michigan and Pennsylvania have been off as recent as the last midterm cycle. A really good example of this is in 2022, when the governor's race in Michigan. Now, they didn't have a Senate race. That was important because there was no Senate race going on in Michigan at the time. They had one in 2020, which means that one will be up in 2026 and they have one right now. So that one will be up in 2030. But looking at 2022, Michigan did have a governor's race. That was very much up in the minds of many people. When the polling data set in the final stretch, that Gretchen Whitmer would win by one point. Not only did she win the election, she won by 11 points. Nearly 10 points in terms of error for the Democratic Party, underestimating their support across the state. And again, it's really interesting too when you're looking at the changes back and forth. Now, the 2024 numbers of Trump versus Biden look very differently than they do for Kamala Harris. Donald Trump maintained a two point lead across the state, but pretty much consistently Donald Trump had the upper hand in the state of Michigan. Ranging from anywhere from a 10 point lead, according to CNN, to a four point lead, eight point lead, five point lead. The things just weren't looking good for Joe Biden. He got a good number out of Bloomberg that gave him a five point advantage. But across the rest, Detroit Free Press says that Donald Trump leads by seven. Trafalgar said Trump leads by two. Emerson said Trump led by three. Right. The Times, M.R.G., Remington Research, all of them said Donald Trump took the advantage. Now we're starting to see it. It's a bit back and forth. Some firms say Kamala Harris leads. Some firms say Donald Trump leads. But a lot of them have a more reduced version of this election. Quinnipiac University shows Kamala Harris with a four point lead in Michigan, but a tie in Wisconsin that actually could add up, especially given the last cycle where Donald Trump lost Wisconsin by 0.6, but lost Michigan by three. That was closer to being a four point and a tie margin. And so when you're looking at states like Michigan and you're looking at data points like these, it's all directing in a good sign and a good place for Kamala Harris. And when you take a look at the 538 forecast, which gives Donald Trump the upper hand on the presidential forecast, 53 to 46. Good advantage for Donald Trump nationally. But in Michigan, he does not have that advantage. And a lot of that is informed by the data that we use data points just like the ones we're seeing for the state of Pennsylvania, not the state of Pennsylvania, for the state of Michigan. And so I think as we move forward in the 2024 cycle and just get into the final seven days, every single data point is going to be under heavy scrutiny. Some polls have actually concluded. There are polls for the cycle. Some of them are not going to release them. I'm increasingly anticipating the Ann Salter poll from the state of Iowa to see what that might mean for that region of the United States and just in general for Iowa. But looking to Michigan right now, it very much does seem like Kamala Harris is in a strong enough position where we can say she will probably win that battleground state. Like I said, never once in my election forecast have I had Michigan as anything but a blue state, but it has always been close. In my most recent video, it has been a tilt blue state. And so if it was to move anywhere that was not, it would make sense that it's well within the margin of error should Donald Trump win it. But again, the signs are pointing to a potential Kamala Harris victory in that state. That would make a difference on the Electoral College because the math year again gets trickier for Donald Trump should Kamala Harris win any of these battleground states. Should even she win Nevada, it becomes tricky in that Donald Trump at most would have a repeat in the 2016 election. But chances are if he's winning Nevada, given the polling data around the state, given what we've been seeing, if Nevada goes, so does Michigan. If Nevada goes, likely does Pennsylvania. And although they're not the same in terms of political stance or ideology, they're swing states. They're competitive. And they have different groups that make up a big chunk of their populations. But at the end of the day, these states are still competitive. Democrats are relying on their coordinated efforts in the respective states to turn out the voters here. And what we're seeing is that the states like Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Nevada are as close, arguably as North Carolina to those five states. And then some of the states that are pulling away from the vice president, Arizona and Georgia, even though there was a really strong there poll for Kamala Harris, according to CNN, the rest of the numbers seem to show that Donald Trump's in a pretty OK position in Arizona and Georgia. A lot of these other states have really come to vote together and likely will be voting in unison in this cycle. But again, moving away Michigan from the Donald Trump column and from really a position of being won by the Trump team does tell us that Michigan with its 15 electoral votes could be that piece of the puzzle to bring Kamala Harris to victory. Because Michigan is going to be a really interesting state to just take a look at, you know, does the Democratic Party have enough of their base left over from the 2020 cycle in order to win in this state? Have they conveyed enough voters in the suburban areas that have seen shifts from where they were all in for Romney, not all in for Trump, but voted for him and held their nose 50 50 on him in 2020 and now are moving away because of January 6th because of election nihilism, because of the 22 midterms, because of Roe v. Wade, whatever the issue is, whatever that red line was that Donald Trump and his campaign crossed that makes them less likely or even more likely to vote for Kamala Harris. You are going to see that that will be the test in Michigan. But again, with those 15 electoral votes, assuming that this five point margin is correct or even less than right a one point margin to margin. It's enough to make it a lean blue state. Assuming that happens, Kamala Harris again unlocks other pathways because the interesting thing about Michigan to is likely where Michigan goes. It is very possible that the rest of the rust belt does to although 538 currently predicts that they will vote differently as in the state of Pennsylvania right now would go to Donald Trump, Wisconsin as well. Actually, no, Wisconsin would go to Kamala Harris, but Michigan would go to Kamala Harris, Wisconsin and Michigan together. These three states have not voted in separation of each other since 1988. That was the last time that we saw these three states not vote together. That's why they've been long seen as this blue wall in 2016. It turned into the red wall in 2020. It went back to being the blue wall. But the point being, if Wisconsin was going blue, so was Michigan and so was Pennsylvania. If Michigan was going blue, so was Wisconsin and Pennsylvania. If Pennsylvania was going blue, so was Wisconsin and Michigan and vice versa for the Republicans too. And so should Kamala Harris win Michigan? It does shed a good sign on Wisconsin and Pennsylvania being the states that she wins as well because let's say she wins those states. It's raps. Donald Trump could win North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona and Nevada and it wouldn't matter because Kamala Harris would be at 270 electoral votes and that's why everyone looks to this state as this really, really important one because Michigan likely dictates alongside the rest of the states because if she's winning Michigan by 5, I guarantee you she wins the election. If she wins Michigan by 5, she wins the election, right? Which is why we're probably not going to see her win by 5. It would mean that she would likely expand on that of Joe Biden's margin in 2020, which I just don't see happening at this point in time. But it is entirely possible that she wins the election with just 270 electoral votes relying on Wisconsin, relying on Michigan, relying on Pennsylvania. They make up a significant chunk of the electorate and again, they love to vote together. And so more and more data out of the state showing us just really good signs for the vice president also. When it comes down to the turnout levels we are seeing Democrats have exceeded their 2022 turnout in the state of Michigan. They were seeing good returns on the mail-in ballots, the early voting numbers. You know, all around here it isn't coming down to party affiliation. Michigan does not break down by party affiliation. But what they do show is that in the areas where Kamala Harris and her candidacy needs it the most while Republicans are choosing to vote earlier more than before more than 22 more than 2020 because the Trump team has changed the tune on when you should vote and how you should vote. But looking at Michigan, you are looking at Michigan. You are looking at good signs out of Detroit. You are looking at good signs out of Atlanta and Georgia. You are looking at good signs out of Philadelphia and Pennsylvania if you are a Democrat. And you are looking at things like this to help predict, okay, where are we at in this cycle? And looking at Michigan thus far, although it is not going to be a blowout and certainly not going to be what we saw in 2008 or even 2012, it could be a lot more similar to that of 2020, which is a good sign for the campaign. Because it means here that the Democrats could win in the state of Michigan by 2.8%, which could be a good sign for the campaign. But it means here that the Democrats could win in the state of Michigan by 2.8%, which could be enough to push them over the finish line in other battleground states. Because Michigan is a three-point state, Kamala Harris I think does win the election on the backs of Wisconsin, Michigan to Pennsylvania, and it arguably even throw in Nevada. And beyond that point, too, those are the states that I think would vote together. North Carolina, Georgia and Arizona I think would go to the former president and all around they would be in a very, very competitive race. But still, a good result for the Democrats at large. This race is coming down to the wire and the money that's being spent on these states we're seeing rallies being done in Georgia. I think the Harris campaign announced a surprise rally in Georgia on Saturday. It looks like they're going to be focusing a lot of efforts there, too, just as they did in 2020. It actually could make up for a state like Michigan or Wisconsin should they lose it on election day. But looking at our electoral map here, we have 226 electoral votes for Kamala Harris, 219 for Donald Trump, and based on the way some of these numbers are going, I would say Kamala Harris probably has a starting point or a low point of 241 electoral votes in this cycle, potentially room for growth. Obviously could reach 270, could do even more than 270, but I think 241 is the lowest point for Kamala Harris, whereas Donald Trump's lowest point is roughly 219. But this election, no matter what, is going to be really, really competitive. And the data points we are seeing these numbers that we are breaking down across the Rust Belt, across the Sun Belt, are telling us that this cycle is going to be a really, really long one, even past the election, where some of these results we probably won't know until days after the election, into a position where we will see, you know, Kamala Harris to Donald Trump win some of these states, and they are really, really, really going to be close. And I'm going to be interested in seeing, you know, who does the turnout game right? Who does the election game right? Who turns out the base? Who doesn't turn out the base? Who swings voters in suburban areas? Who swings voters in urban areas? And at large, I think the Democratic campaign should be not necessarily confident, because I think confidence can really do a lot of damage to a campaign this close, but should feel comfortable that in the state of Michigan, at least, they are doing well in the recent returns and the recent numbers here to say that maybe on election day, they could win in Michigan. We've heard from the Secretary of State's office that all the ballots that have been counted early are likely to be released and counted by 8pm on Wednesday. That's good news in general for election integrity. That's good news in general for the way that people perceive the election and who wins it and who loses it. If Michigan gets all their stuff in by 8pm the next day, chances are you're going to see a lot less conversation around how the state should have gone, would have gone if there was election making or not. I don't really feel confident that the former president won't say that already, but I do think we are in a really interesting position where Michigan could give us an earlier answer than we would expect, and also an answer that I think will show Kamala Harris in a good position based on some of these recent data points, which I think is a good sign for the coordinated Democratic effort at large. So, all eyes on Michigan, 15 electoral votes really can make or break the Kamala Harris campaign. If they're losing Michigan, they're losing the election. If they're winning Michigan, they're winning parts of the rest, but I don't know if they win the election at large. I could see a circumstance in which Donald Trump wins the rest of the swing states, loses Michigan, I will say two. As one, one small caveat, there is a non-zero chance that Michigan goes red and Wisconsin and Pennsylvania go blue. And I don't want you to come back to me and say, you were entirely wrong at this point. Do I think Kamala Harris would win Michigan today? The answer is yes. Do I think that Donald Trump could win it today? The answer is yes. Does she have the upper hand? The answer is yes, right? So, Michigan is right now in a position where it could be and likely is becoming the more reliable state for Kamala Harris based on the data points, based on what we've seen thus far. But I wouldn't be necessarily shocked if some of these data points were in part overblown and missing key constituencies that have now since, in their own words, abandoned Kamala Harris's campaign at the Democratic Party. Not the most likely outcome, but are an outcome that Democrats have to be prepared for and might have to make up for it in states like Georgia or North Carolina, which hold nearly equal electoral weight as Michigan. But overall, the new numbers here don't show that bad of a sign for the vice president and show her on track for victory in this swing state. So thank you guys so much for watching this video. Make sure to comment down suggestions below. Subscribe on the left if you haven't already and check out the Instagram and Twitter. At the top of the screen is also a Discord server if you go ahead and join. On the screen, this video can watch and then a playlist for my 2024 presidential election analysis videos. Again, thank you guys so much for watching and I will see you all later today.