 A long time Southwest Michigan Republican Congressman says that he has voted for the Democratic nominee for president. Political reporter Rick Albin in studio now with more on this development late in the election cycle, Rick. For more than 30 years, Fred Upton was considered a modern Congress and was sometimes challenged by more conservative members of his own party in primary races. They never succeeded. After redistricting, Drew, his district, and Congressman Bill Heisinger's district together, Upton decided not to run for another term. And turned his attention to finding an alternative candidate other than Donald Trump and at the time Joe Biden through a group called No Labels. Their efforts failed and now he says he'll support Vice President Kamala Harris. I ask him if his endorsement could have a negative impact on some of his former colleagues. It's one thing to vote for whoever you choose for president. It's another thing to come out publicly and support them on the platform that you have. So let me ask you this. What would you say to Tim Wahlberg and Bill Heisinger and John Molinar and Mike Rogers when you come out and support the top of the Democratic ticket that could hurt them in their election or reelection efforts? Well, I think in the case of Wahlberg and Heisinger, I think the polls are showing that they're pretty safe seats. At last I saw Bill was up by 11 points. Wahlberg's got a district that any Republican would die for having Hillsdale colleges. His fear is from the right, not from the Dems. Mike Rogers, very good friend. I've given him thousands of dollars. And, you know, again, my ticket is split. But, you know, you know, there's an old saying by Edmund Burke, who is credited with saying for evil to succeed in the world, good men need to stay silent. Then Congressman Upton was one of 10 Republicans to vote to impeach former President Trump after the January 6, 2021 riot and break in at the U.S. Capitol. Of those 10, only two remain in Congress. Brian.