 Democrats hemorrhaged votes earlier this year when pro-Palestinian protesters took over college campuses across the U.S. Angry at Joe Biden's policy on Gaza. Any altering or moving on the barriers will result in an arrest. Dozens have been arrested. We have confirmation they're being held in this building. In her bid for the presidency, Kamala Harris has been trying to win some of those voters back. I think what's critically important as we look at this moment is, one, acknowledging the tragedy of what has happened in Gaza in terms of the extraordinary number of innocent Palestinians who have been killed. In addition, of course, to what I said about what happened on October 7 in terms of 1,200 innocent Israelis being slaughtered, women being horribly raped. She's spoken about the plight of Palestinians in Gaza, and she has been more outspoken in calling for a ceasefire. We need a hostage deal and we need a ceasefire. There must be an immediate ceasefire. I can't stress that strongly enough. But has she done enough to convince voters that she truly cares about what's happening in this war? You don't want to vote for Jill, vote for Donald Trump. But do not give a vote to Kamala Harris and expect to be welcomed by my community. She might say she was working to get a ceasefire in Gaza, but at the same time, what evidence is there of that? Maybe the Democrats are speaking about it a little bit more, but they're really not doing anything. They're enabling this genocide. In September, we went to the crucial battleground state of Michigan, which will help decide the 47th president of the United States. It's also home to Dearborn, a city which has one of the highest Muslim populations in the US. There, we went to ArabCon, the national Arab convention, to ask people what they thought about Kamala Harris. The Biden administration has been complicit in the genocide. The administration is the one funding the weapons, providing the weapons, coordinating and giving cover to Israel. So it's more than just complicit. It's an active participant in the genocide. I think that's clear. I don't think many people would even deny that. I think the US owns that proudly when they say things will do whatever it can and will protect Israel, the right to defend itself. We stand by Israel's right to defend its citizens from terrorist attacks. That rhetoric shows where they stand on that issue. We know where Donald Trump stands and we know he's been horrible on Palestine. He's a very pro-Israel hawk and the situation in Gaza probably won't improve much. There isn't much of a difference between him and Kamala Harris. But I do want to know one thing. If Donald Trump was president while the genocide was going on, you'd have a lot more Democrats with a backbone willing to call Donald Trump a war criminal for allowing it to happen. Our votes have to be earned. They can't be ticketed for granted. We don't owe it to either party to vote for them. And three, don't discount third party or independent candidates. I witnessed the absolute destruction of a society. I saw an entire city of people degraded. If you don't want to vote for Jill, vote for Donald Trump. But do not give a vote to Kamala Harris and expect to be welcomed by my community. She might say she was working to get a ceasefire in Gaza, but at the same time, what evidence is there of that? From the very beginning, they're the same people that said they didn't want a ceasefire because they supported what was going on there. Over 40,000 people have been killed. These weapons have been supplied by a Democratic party. Do either of the candidates have a voice that you can ally yourself with? And none of the major candidates, absolutely not. They're both the same. She is horrendous on every single policy. And I challenge anyone who wants to vote for her to tell me in policy-wise why they like her. Not rhetoric and not out of fear of Donald Trump, but policy-wise why they like her. Do you think Harris is as bad as Trump when it comes to their policies on Gaza? It's almost like they're equally not good, but for different reasons. She says words such as self-determination and too many Palestinian lives have been lost, as if there is a number that's acceptable. And I don't understand how my people's lives are lost, as if they can't be found, instead of them being deliberately targeted by the very weapons that she continues to fund and to send. She was asked directly, like, would you support an arms embargo? And she said, no. If you're not going to do that, then how are you going to convince Palestinians to vote for you or Arab Americans? A lot of people have decided to move away from the Democratic party. That's the big uncommitted. The uncommitted haven't decided to move away from the Democratic party. I compare the uncommitted to a battered woman, who is still holding on to the possibility that maybe tomorrow her husband won't beat her, even though he's been beating her for the past four years. She's holding out that maybe suddenly he'll stop beating her. I was a special assistant at the Department of the Interior, also a political appointee in that realm, to advance the president's agenda, as all appointees do. And I decided to resign because I didn't agree with the way that the administration has been and is continuing to handle Israel-Palestine policy. She needs to be far, far more willing. Her campaign needs to be far, far more willing to say the way we've approached the issue does not necessarily seem to be working, because you're saying that you are working around the clock for a ceasefire for months and there's nothing to show for it. So then we need to really kind of look at other things to do. Certainly approaching the issue in a way that's leveraging the United States government's power, in terms of arms transfers and weapons transfers, I think it has to be conditional. What's clear is that in this swing state, Palestine is central for some voters to decide how to cast their vote in the polling booth. But with war raging in the Middle East and only a few days until the presidential election, can Kamala Harris convince some of them to back her campaign?