 Welcome to Bridge Elections FAQ, a live discussion where we talk to you about the 2024 election. We want to answer your questions. I'm Isabelle Lohmann, the education reporter at Bridge Michigan, a nonpartisan nonprofit news outlet. And today we have Capitol reporters Lauren Gibbons and Simon Schuster here with us. If you have a question for our reporters, you can drop it in the chat and we will get to those later in the discussion. We are recording this event and you will be able to see a recap at our website, bridgemi.com. Let's get started. Kamala Harris's campaign for president is barely a week old. What has this candidacy meant for Michigan? Yeah, so obviously I think broadly speaking, this has been a huge change in the narrative of this election. Democrats are way more energized than they were just a couple of weeks ago and Republicans find themselves finally and surprisingly more of a defensive position when, you know, just a couple of weeks prior, they're feeling pretty triumphant, especially in Trump's most recent rally in Grand Rapids. At the same time, you know, there's sort of a hustle going on right now as Democrats try to prepare for their own August convention. And they're trying to make sure that, you know, this is just a coronation for Kamala Harris, who is all lined up to become the Democratic nominee. Michigan Democrats got together and chose to unanimously, almost unanimously, I should say, nominate her in a recent call. At the same time, you know, there was two delegates from uncommitted who chose not to get behind Harris and they were sort of yelled at in the meeting, prompting an email from the chair being like, hey, you know, let's not attack one another that we need to, that no disrespect is going to be okay. But right now polling is really close in this race. They remain statistically tied in this election, the most recent polling that we've seen shows. And so this is a complete pivot, I think, towards a different trajectory that this election can see things have really tightened up. We had a reader question about polling. Simon, anything additional you can share on that front? Yeah, so I mean, the most recent polls that we see, one from the Detroit News that was at the end of last week, showed that they're nearly split. They're statistically tied 41.6% for Kamala Harris and 41.3% as to their polling for Trump. Now, the important thing to note is that these have statistical margins of error, usually around plus minus 4% with these sort of polls. And that means that the real level of support can be anywhere from 37% to 45%. And so as a result, there could be a significant gap between these two candidates, but because of statistical vagaries, we don't really know for sure. And it's going to be interesting to see as more polling comes out what sort of trajectory we see these candidates are on. And so yeah, it's going to be interesting to see if we have some more robust polling with a narrower margins of error, if we can get closer to where these levels of support are actually at. One reader asked if Harris's candidacy is affecting the races to replace Michigan's congressional delegation. Yeah. Oh, sorry, go ahead. Sorry. Yeah, I think that that is something that at the top of the ticket is always going to impact down ballot races. Certainly there are going to be candidates that are, you know, exceptional or have a really good relationship with voters. But trends have shown us for a long, long time that the top of the ticket, the presidency is going to impact these down ballot races. One analyst recently told me, how many people do you expect are going to vote for Trump and then vote for Slockin? Probably not that many. That's the way that he described it to me. And I thought it was a pretty good analogy. So I think it does have a pretty big impact one way or the other. Michigan's a battleground state. We're going to see a lot of competition here, both in the US Senate race, but also in some of these other competitive congressional races. The eighth to replace outgoing Congressman Dan Kildee. The seventh, where there's a pretty tight race between Curtis Hirtal and Tom Barrett over in West Michigan as well with Hillary Scoulton defending her Grand Rapids based seat. It's going to be really interesting. And the fact that it is a tie at the top means that a lot of these very competitive races will also hinge on what people think of the president. You just mentioned Alyssa Slockin. We had a reader ask about that race. What can you share on that, Lauren? Yeah, I think in the primary cycle, we are seeing Alyssa Slockin as the front runner against her challenger, Hill Harper, who's a Detroit actor. On the Republican side, Mike Rogers is the front runner in a four way primary race, most recently three way because one of the candidates suspended his campaign and endorsed Rogers, Sandy Pensler. So I think it will be a lot more competitive at the general election level. Right now, everything we're seeing from the polling to just the general trajectory of the race shows it'll probably be a Slockin-Rogers matchup. Okay, so you just said it's probably going to be a Slockin-Rogers matchup. We had, or match up, excuse me, not the same thing. One reader asked if we're expecting any sort of upsets in the US Senate primaries. It would be pretty unlikely. I think, as I mentioned, it's a toss up in the general election. A lot of it depends on what happens at the top of the ticket and trends, how they're playing among general election voters. But once you get out of Michigan, there are a few other pretty exciting toss ups like Montana, Ohio. It's really interesting because Republicans are trying to, they're trying to see if they can topple the slim Democratic majority with some of these key flips. Michigan is in that conversation, maybe not the most competitive in the country, but certainly on the list. Gotcha. Speaking of Republicans, how has former President Donald Trump responded to Kamala Harris's candidacy? Yeah, I think that if, first off, you read behind sort of the curtain, there's a degree of consternation in Trump's camp. They had essentially built an entire campaign operation and spent tens, if not hundreds of millions of dollars around a campaign that was designed to beat Joe Biden. And now that's fundamentally changed, right? There's a different candidate at the top of the ticket. And that means that the candidate's strategy has changed as well. When you see in terms of the rhetoric on the rally stage for Donald Trump, he sort of pokes fun at her name and her background a little bit, and also talks about her in relation to Joe Biden. He says that she's going to be worse than Joe Biden and that there's policies that will be more extreme than the ones that Joe Biden enacted. Of course, he listened to Kamala Harris. She might have some disagreements with some of those issues, but essentially the campaign and the candidacy around Trump has to largely pivot around to a new candidate. His fundamental message though about making America great again and the red meat of his own speech and issues that he's rallied against are largely able to stay the same though, because it's still the same administration that Kamala Harris was a part of as Joe Biden's vice president. And so that's one thing that works in their favor. But in terms of going after Kamala as a person, this is a switch that the candidacy that the campaign does have to make because obviously it's a fundamental shift. And we had a reader who asked if we think that the VP selection will influence Michigan's votes. That's a good question and it definitely is going to be important. I think that that's one question that the campaign itself is wrestling with is whether they want to have a vice presidential candidate who can appeal to some of these swing state voters in states like Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania. Or on the other hand, if they can get somebody who can drive turnout among groups of voters that might be a little bit demotivated by some of the policies that they seem coming out of the Biden administration and issues like the Gaza conflict. In other words, going in a more progressive direction. And in terms of those swing state voters, they're looking at people like Pennsylvania governor Josh Pirrell. On the other end of that, if they're looking to try to go in a slightly more progressive direction, you have Minnesota governor Tony Evers. And so part of the difficulty there is being able to thread that needle. And that's something that I think that they're definitely dealing with. Do you have any sense of when that announcement is going to come down, Simon? Well, Governor Gretchen Whitmer, who was on the MSNBC show Morning Joe just this morning, and she's of course was national co-chair of Joe Biden's campaign, and is continuing in that role as national co-chair of Kamala Harris's campaign, says that that decision is going to be coming down in the next six or seven days, and also made sure to emphasize yet again, that she's not part of the vetting process and not in the running for that position. So six or seven days is yet another weekend for us. So we might have some sort of breaking news situation over the weekend. Absolutely. Whoever said anything about time off? Yeah, that's why we're you're hiking and running now instead of camping. Yeah. So last week Governor Gretchen Whitmer signed the state budget. It's $82.5 billion. Lauren, what's in it? Well, I probably should defer to you on some of the education stuff, our education expert here. But yeah, in this $59 billion general government budget and $23 billion education budget, we saw some interesting allocations to affordable housing, $100 million for affordable housing in Michigan, some investments in pre-K expansion for access to preschool, and also community college, an option for recent high school graduates to go to free community college for the first two years and essentially make it tuition free with a combination of state and federal aid. So some of the some of the aspects of that budget were a little controversial, especially on the education side with the way that it was funded using using some funding from state retirement budgets. So it's it was an interesting conversation, but overall, a little bit smaller than recent budgets, just because we're not seeing quite as much of the investment from from federal aid during the COVID-19 pandemic or a big surplus in revenue because of additional spending during the pandemic years. For sure. And if anyone has questions about the budget, they can also throw them in the chat. I know we just got a question about if there's means testing for the free pre-K in the community college. The short answer is there's still a means test for the free pre-K. We have more information on our website about what that threshold is. For the community college, there is no longer a means test. Students still have to fill out the free application for federal student aid. That's a free federal form and schools and the state are going to use that to determine how much money you're going to get. But a student's family situation is not going to determine whether they get tuition free community college or not. But if you have more questions, throw them in the chat and we'll get to them. We had another reader question about investments in the budget. This reader asked, why does Northern Michigan always seem to get the short shift when it comes to the annual Michigan budget? Yeah, I can touch on that. I think one of the biggest things we've noted or that we've seen in political movements over the last few decades in Michigan is a sort of geographic polarization. Democrats used to occupy a broad swath of the upper peninsula and represented in the state legislature and that's no longer the case. And when Republicans were in control of the legislature, the leadership of the legislature was generally representative of a much northern part of the state. We had last two speakers of the house. One was from Claire and then the other was from Levery, so quite farther reaches. And there was more attention paid in Northern Michigan, but it currently stands. You got 56 Democratic members of the house. They've all got to come together on a partisan vote to get the budget passed. And so as a result, it's necessary essentially for them to dole out this sort of horse trading, these earmarked grants in order to get towards that money. I'm sure, I don't know if Lauren has something to add on that point, but that's how I see it. And then a follow up to that is this person also asked if budget decisions are based on population, louder voices or donations. Simon. Yeah, I mean, it's hard to say that because of a donation, you get a grant in the budget. There's you're getting perilously close there to accusing somebody of a quid pro quo that could be considered public corruption, right, which is criminal charge. But at the same time, oftentimes people who are prolific political donors become the loudest voices in the room because they are able to acquire a degree of access to elected officials that maybe other individuals may not. But when you talk to Democratic elected officials about where earmarks have gone over the past couple of years, you know, we have a house speaker from Detroit, Senate Majority Leader from Grand Rapids, Angela Whitmer, excuse me, the House Appropriations Chair last year told me that we've neglected our population centers for too long. And as a result, that's why a majority of earmarked grants are going towards population centers. So there's a sort of over emphasis right now, I think, towards population centers or a swing towards them that we've seen other than sessions past. But there's generally it's a mixture in order to answer the question directly between political donations, population and geography. The population centers thing is interesting too, because as a state right now, leaders are trying to grow their population. So it's interesting to see the state invest in places that already have large populations. And then turning back to the federal side, we had a reader request more information about federal electric vehicle efforts. So if you have been following over the last week, we did a big bridge EV road trip, we have a ton of coverage about what it's like to have an EV in Michigan. This person asks, if Trump wins, can he request that all federal EV money be returned to the taxpayers? I'm happy to tackle that. It's an interesting question and definitely something that I think is on the minds of a lot of people in Michigan. So essentially, Trump could try to repeal the inflation reduction act before money goes out for electric vehicles. But it could be politically difficult. The inflation reduction act, excuse me, it pumped a lot of money into local communities around the state. So it would be it would be hard to say, well, you're not getting that money anymore. And, you know, there's certainly one area that he could have a big impact as if he were to roll back electric vehicle emissions standards and other energy reforms that the Biden administration came up with. So it would probably be a little complicated, but there's certainly a path for Trump if he were to be elected again to to make a big change in the direction on electric vehicle policy. That's good. I could add on just a little bit to that, too. I mean, you know, Congress also holds on to the purse strings. And so money that's already spent like a federal income tax rebate that you receive for electric vehicles. Once people receive that, it's going to be really hard for the federal government to claw that back. But at the same time, as Lauren noted, you know, something's written in the statute and the money hasn't been spent yet working with Congress, if the Congress is willing to go along with him, then there would be a possibility to sort of undo some of that planned spending because things like the inflation reduction act are programs that take place over many years. It's not something where all the money is going out all at once. And so they would have to sort of stop that in its tracks rather than, but for the money that's already been spent, I think that's where things become a lot more difficult. Good to know. So in this episode, we've answered your questions about the budget, about the federal races. We want to continue to answer your questions. So if you have more questions, please submit them on our website at bridge mi.com. We're so grateful that you spent part of your Monday with us. We're committed to making Michigan a better place through our nonprofit journalism. If you have a question for our reporters that we didn't get to, you can submit them at bridge mi.com. We're going to be back next week with more coverage. If you want to hear more about the election, we already have early in-person voting going on right now. You can go to our website where we have a free voter guide as well as our regularly updated elections tracker. And if you want even more news, you can sign up for our Politics Watch newsletter at bridgemi.com slash sign up. Thank you so much for being here today and we'll see you next week.