 While the candidates are making frequent stops, of course to Michigan, following those, some voters say they're considering switching parties, not necessarily only talking about independent voters. Shante Passmore shows us why some are breaking away from party loyalty. Hey there, no matter who you're voting for, most voters tell me they're already over this election cycle. Still recent events combined with long time problems have some voters reconsidering their party allegiance. Breaking the monolith myth. I think that when it particularly comes around the black voters that typically around this time of the year they tend to say the things that they feel are the most appealing to the black voters. In Chelsea's case, policy matters. A Pew Research Center study in August found 77 percent of black voters said they vote for or lean toward VP Kamala Harris if the election was held then. 13 percent favored former president Donald Trump. Chelsea's concerned about the border. It's just one of those situations that is just waiting to blow up in our faces if we don't get a handle on it quickly. She's considering Trump, but she's still doing her research on Harris. For Michigan Muslims, the Israel Hamas war has turned into a flash point. Karen Michigan tells me there's a general dissatisfaction with the current administration's response to the escalating tensions, the outcome. Some are opting for Trump. It's highly likely that some of these people who have left the Democratic Party or voting for Democrats probably will never come back. A care survey shows nearly 70 percent of respondents generally vote Democrat, but nearly 60 percent plan to vote for other parties this election cycle. I've stated opinions, not even just politically, but even outside of the political world. And like I've lost friends over it. In Macomb County, Jim Martin is an independent. In 2020, he voted for Trump. Four years later, he's not so sure. I still feel like there's issues that need to be uncovered that I haven't done my full research on. To be clear, all three voters are not saying who they're definitely voting for president. Still, their vote won't come easy. And others who didn't want to go on camera told me they're simply going to write in someone's name at the top of the ticket, something to also point out. Some voters told me they're just simply switching sides at the top of the ticket, but down the ballot. They're going with their party affiliation in downtown Detroit tonight. Shante Passmore, Local 4.