 Joining me now to discuss this, Greg Swenson, from Republicans Overseas is Withers. It was this time yesterday, Greg, we sat here wondering about this. So this is a victory, a Pyrrhic victory. What is it for Trump? Well, I think it's a victory for Trump. It's also a victory for democracy. I hate to use that phrase because the left seems to beat it to death. But look, trying to interfere with elections using the weaponized justice system is a mistake for both sides, not just for Trump and the right. In terms of Donald Trump, again, Greg and I had this conversation yesterday, all of this stuff does him no harm at all. It completely plays to his gallery, it plays to his base. His ongoing narrative that there is a kind of a rigged establishmentism about the states is borne out by things that have been happening in courts recently. It has. And indictments, all of the legal cases up to the shocking Colorado ruling just before Christmas has almost single handedly revived his campaign as well. He was really in the doldrums before the raid on Mar-a-Lago. And it's because it's burnished his narrative and it's proved him right in the sense that for all the talk of Trump and Trump is trying to subvert American democracy with the Russians help and so on, the Democrats have been going out of their way to outdo them on the election denying the election meddling stakes. So it has entirely burnished his narrative because it has proved him right to a certain degree. Indeed. Absolutely. And what sort of Christmas will Mr. Trump be having then, Greg? Because he's looking at 2024. He's gotten, I think there's 91 kind of charges against him. I don't know how many of these he can surmount or get rid of between now and November. Probably not all of them. And that's the big question is what if he gets a conviction or a handful of convictions, what does that do in the general election? He's obviously helping him in the primaries. I don't think a conviction will hurt him too much in the Republican primaries. But as Tom pointed out, prior to the Mar-a-Lago raid, this is in the summer of 22, he was only up nine over DeSantis. After the raid, up 39. And then he faded again during when DeSantis had the great midterm election, re-election. Trump faded. Then the indictments came along and he went from being basically tied with Trump to being down 50 as he is now. So I think it really continues to help him. He's perfectly set up now for the primaries with these indictments, with the mugshot, with the raid on Mar-a-Lago. Now the question is what happens in the general? Do people get tired of it? He's still kind of maxing out at 47, 48%. That's on a good day. So the real issue is can anyone else beat him besides Biden? I don't think Biden can beat him. But I think a generic Democrat is pulling up around eight over Trump right now. So this is the real question. What happens in the general election with these indictments and with potential convictions? But down to just keeping it on to the Republicans. What happened to Big Ron down there in Florida? It was all looking so good. It really was. This man was, he ticked all the boxes. Nobody could say he was a kind of a soft leaning version of Trump. In many respects he was more to the right of Trump. He certainly was what many would call the full package of Republicanism. Absolutely. He's more conservative than Trump. He's better at executing than Trump has ever been. And he has a real appeal to the populist wing of the party. The problem is a lot of those voters are very loyal to President Trump. And that's really been the challenge for DeSantis. But he was doing really well. And again, looking at the indictments, it's completely correlated to the change in support from moving from DeSantis to Trump. It all started with Alvin Bragg last April. Prior to that it was DeSantis' campaign to lose. And it's really nothing that he's done. He hasn't really changed his views on anything. He hasn't really changed his campaign style. Whatever he's doing worked for him in Florida. And he won by 20 points in Florida a few months earlier. This is all about the indictments and about the weaponization of the justice system. And people are just really disappointed with what's happened on the left. They often say, Tom, that the Democrats are just watching this all fall apart almost. With amusement, I was talking to somebody who's got very close links to the White House saying they watch this forensically. This is not a gag. It's not a joke. They're watching this like a game of chess at the moment. Because this is crucial what is happening here. It is crucial. And of course, one of the theories that would abound is that they were quite happy for Trump to be the nominee. Therefore these indictments, even if they recognized that it could easily boost support for him. Because they were more scared of DeSantis or a more conventional Republican even. If that was the plan, it's backfired seemingly. Have a look at the polls at the moment. That's the thing about Trump. He's always had a ceiling on his support. There's always only about so far he can go. He's got a very passionate base, but he obviously puts off a lot of people. But he's been gifted both in 2016 and it seems like in 2024 as well with dreadful opponents as Joe Biden now is. He's someone who barely knows what day it is. And he makes Trump look like a philosopher king by contrast. I think that's the thing that's always really helped Trump is that the Democrat and the Democratic establishment have been so incredibly complacent about who they put up against him. It's funny, I was talking about watching Home Alone 2 yesterday. Of course, Donald Trump makes a cameo. Indeed. And the funny thing is he really doesn't look any different. And I know him and Biden are similar ages. And it's often said Trump's a little overweight. But actually Trump looks pretty good. Yeah, he's high energy. Correct. He's still running on all charges. So this is a four year spread, three year spread tops. I think Trump is 78. But he's different than Biden. Biden is showing the cognitive decline. There's no doubt about that. And if you look at any clips of Biden, even five or 10 years ago, he's a different person. But as I've mentioned before on your show, Ian, it's not that it's yes, the cognitive decline is worrisome, especially worrisome for independents and Democrats. For the rest of us, it's the policies, it's the complete failure. Yeah, yeah. And it's become this, you know, the part of the two parties have become, you know, the Republicans are now the party of personality, the cult of personality, whereas the Democrats are the cult of radical policy. You know, men can play women's sports, open the border, wave in 10 million illegal aliens. You know, these are things that are really radical. And if you compare the party, the Democratic Party now to the party of 10 years ago, it's radically changed. I can't imagine it's interesting you pick up on that because I can't imagine Clinton. I can't imagine Obama go way back to Kennedy, whatever. I can't imagine any of these guys having that kind of liberal approach to areas like immigration. The border has been an issue forever. So but those guys seem to do absolutely maybe Obama. And I don't think Obama had the power at the time. You know, he lost, you know, in a huge way in 2010. That's like an hour. Yeah. And then he barely won in 2012. So he didn't really have the mandate, nor did Biden, frankly. He didn't have a powerful, overwhelming majority when he took office. But he gave Bernie Sanders the nod. You know, he you know, they basically made an arrangement. OK, I'll put your radical leftist militant policies in place if you let if you basically give me the nomination, which you did. And that's what we have. We're going to take a call. This is Jason in Bedford joining us now. Jason, how are you doing? I'm doing very well. How are you? Very good. What do you think? 20, 24 United States, November. Who's going to be the next president? Oh, Trump's coming back. That's what I say. I see no reason why. I mean, I deal with American tourists all the time. And when you kind of when you when you spend a lot of time with them and you speak to them, it's like they're their their country has reached disaster. Is there that sense? Great. There is some concern and obviously the country is very divided. But as I mentioned, with this cult of radical policy, it's people are pushing back. People and it's not just Republicans. Independence are pushing back and saying, wait a minute. This is crazy what we're doing in the border. This is crazy, you know, having, you know, boys play girls sports. This is this is really radical. And I think there's pushback against that. And you're seeing that, especially in the in the Republican states, yeah, where they're they do have control of the government and they're they're making school choice available to poor children. They're making so children failing public schools have an option to opt out and go to a better school. Whereas in the blue states, New York, California, Illinois, they really don't want the children to have that option. The teachers union control the politicians. But you're seeing the pushback. This whole woke philosophy is being rejected. And you started seeing that in the last year or two. I think you'll continue to see it. And you could see some a real move to the center or to the right in the election. Yeah, seriously.