 Carly here at home, vice presidential candidate Tim Walls and JD Vance are set to make their pitch to voters in a prime time showdown in what is likely to be the final debate this election season. Kaylee McGee White is the restoring America editor at the Washington Examiner and a Steamboat Institute blankly fellow. She joins me now. Kaylee, at this point we're a little over a month away from the actual election day. People are already voting in a number of states. Is this debate going to move the needle? And if not, what is? I think it will, because if you look at both JD Vance and Tim Walts, the question that you have to ask is which candidate provides a better path forward in the post-Trump era. Donald Trump chose JD Vance because he believed he would be a good running mate for the future of the GOP, not just for the 2024 ticket. That question also stands for Kamala Harris. She was sort of thrown into this position, and I don't think that anyone necessarily thinks of her as the next great Democratic Party leader. So is Tim Walts an ex-great Democratic Party leader? It doesn't seem to be that way either. So it'll be really interesting to see both of these candidates tackle policy perhaps in a more substantive way than Trump and Kamala did in their debate a couple of weeks ago. To your point, the next great Democrat Party leader, I'd be shocked if they thought that was Tim Walts. It seems like, and we can all disagree over Josh Shapiro's bona fides, but he seems more like a future leader of the party than Tim Walts, but we will see. Before we let you go, I want to get your thoughts on this. This is fascinating. Congresswoman Alyssa Slotkin warning Kamala Harris's underwater in Michigan polls. She warns, quote, I'm not feeling my best right now about where we are on Kamala Harris in a place like Michigan. We have her underwater in our polling. You're from Michigan. What is your internal informal polling telling you when you talk to friends and when you talk to family about the state of play in Michigan? Well, I'm surprised that she's just now admitting this because I've been saying this for weeks that Kamala Harris is not going to win Michigan at this point in the race. And the alarm bells really should have been ringing back several weeks ago when the Teamsters released their non-endorsement. And they did so because if you looked at the state by state breakdown, more than 60% of Michigan Teamsters union members said that they backed Trump over Kamala Harris. Listen, you do not win the state of Michigan when you are this underwater with white working class men. And that is the demographic that she is struggling with the most. And apparently the white dudes for Kamala events just aren't cutting it. No offense, Todd. I know you were looking forward to wearing that shirt at the golf course this weekend. But it's not going to work. And if she loses Michigan, she's also going to lose Pennsylvania. She's also going to lose Wisconsin. So this is a massive problem for her campaign. Kaylee, you know me well. If there's one thing I like to do when I hang out, doing athletic events around a lot of other men is to appear like a beta. It's my dream. We're joking. We're being sarcastic. Kaylee McGee White. Thank you for your time. Really interesting insight there on the great state of Michigan. I'm Steve Ducey. I'm Brian Kilmeade. And I'm Ainsley Earhart. And click here to subscribe to the Fox News YouTube page to catch our hottest interviews and most compelling analysis.