 Donald Trump has unveiled a new secret weapon in the race to the White House, the Muslim vote. Muslim leaders backing the presidential hopeful in a surprising turn of events. Waleed is in America at the epicentre of all this. Waleed tell us where you are. Hi guys, I'm here in Dearborn in Michigan. There's a little town just outside Detroit of about 100,000 people where something very serious actually is happening because while it might seem like Gaza is a long, long way from us here in Michigan, there is one group in this really key swing state that is so upset at the Biden administration's handling of the crisis that they may just deliver this state for Donald Trump. Have a look. It's a sound not often associated with America. But Michigan is home to America's largest mosque and highest concentration of Muslims. And for the roughly quarter of a million here, one issue dominates. When we see this killing, the genocide, the destruction, people don't know what to do. A lot of us were fed these things about human rights, everybody's equal, freedom, dignity for everybody. However, in the last year or so, we're finding out that this applies to only some people, but not everybody. Last year, Dearborn, just outside Detroit, became the first Arab majority city in America. Dearborn counselor Mustafa Hamoud knows this community well. People feel that either way they have bad choices and either way there are going to be bad outcomes for this community. Whether it be Democrats who are most likely going to continue the war in the Middle East or Trump who could cause us a lot of problems domestically here as well. People feel that there's no real hope on the horizon. It's a horrible, horrible war. There are so many tragic stories coming from Gaza. So if there is a big third party result and that leads to Trump winning Michigan and then through that winning the White House, how do you think the community will feel about that? I think they'll be quite happy. Voting allegiances among US Muslims is complicated. Before 9-11, this largely socially and economically conservative bloc tended to vote Republican and they overwhelmingly backed George W Bush in 2000. But the war on terror changed all that. In 2004, up to 90% voted Democrat. In 2016, American Muslims backed Hillary Clinton. That support held up in the last election, helping Joe Biden narrowly take Michigan by a margin of only 150,000 votes. But many here believe the Democrats now take their vote for granted. Of Yemeni background, Samra Al-Lukman is a long-time progressive Democrat. I voted for Donald Trump. So how did that happen? The Biden-Harris administration cannot be rewarded with a second term. I don't believe that genocide can go unpunished. It must be punished. And if it is not, then it sends a signal to all politicians, whether on the Democratic or Republican side, that you can do a genocide and be emboldened to do more and we won't punish you for it. And that is not a message I want to send to Washington. So why vote for Donald Trump? I do not forgive the Democrats for allowing this to happen, for funding it. If there is a 99% chance that Trump will continue this genocide the exact same way that Harris does, I will weigh that against the 100% chance that Harris is continuing it. And I'm willing to take that 1% chance. The latest poll has Donald Trump leading Kamala Harris by two points among Arab Americans. But drawing a vote twice that margin, Greens candidate Jill Stein. The Democrats are not the solution. They are part of the problem. I support Jill Stein because she's the first presidential candidate that I feel like shares the voice of the Middle Eastern people. I'm voting for Jill Stein, third party candidate. Like many in Dearborn, Cafe and Gallery owner Ray El-Khadre's family is Lebanese. There isn't anything in the two candidates, Democratic, Republican, that are something I'm interested in. They've also made statements recently regarding Palestine that completely are unacceptable, that they would both continue to support uninterrupted flow of weapons even though they can see what's taking place with those weapons. While Democrats say a vote for Stein is a vote for Trump, that's not how race is it. That's a really, really bad, bogus argument. That goes hand in hand with vote for the lesser of two Eagles. I mean, what are they really saying there? You got two lousy candidates, so pick the least lousy of two. I mean, that's, that is just simply illogical. With Trump leading swing states in the South, Michigan is a must win for Harris. This weekend, that got harder. The most wonderful thing is happening. We're winning overwhelming support from the Muslim and Arab voters right here in Michigan. Can you believe it? At a rally in Michigan, key Muslim leaders threw their support behind the former president. We as Muslims stand with President Trump because he promises peace. He promises peace, not war. Right now, Harris and Trump are neck and neck in Michigan. And with just one week left, a few thousand votes on a war thousands of kilometres away may just decide the next US president. Well, Willy, you're on the ground pressing the flesh of the voters there. Is this just a protest vote for Trump? I think it's fair to say overwhelmingly that it's a protest vote. There's no doubt about that. There is a really strong sense here that Carmilla Harris is simply off the table. Now, that's not going to be true for everyone. She will get some votes in Dearborn amongst the Muslim community. But I heard Mustafa, who you saw in that package, the councillor, he said that within the Muslim community here, saying you're going to vote for Harris is like saying you were going to vote for Trump in 2016. As far as they see it, there's a red line here. And you keep hearing this phrase that's being used by lots of people that genocide must be our red line. That's the way they're approaching this. That said, when you push them, then on what it might mean if Trump were to be in the White House, you start to hear that he's a deal maker, that he's a tough guy who might actually call up Benjamin Netanyahu on the phone and just say stop it and that Benjamin Netanyahu would listen. Now, I don't think they think it's likely that that would happen. But the way it was expressed to me is with Carmilla, you're definitely getting more of the same. With Trump, there might be a 5% chance you get something different. And that's a chance some of them at least are willing to take. Just briefly, Walidas, great to have you on the ground there because we look at this election through the lens of the Australian media being there for two or three days. Does it feel different? Yeah, it does feel very different, Steve. And it's really noticeable how different it is. One of the things I would say is the way in which the media explains Donald Trump's offering is very different, I think, to what you pick up when you're on the ground. Because we, of course, focus on the bits that are the most outrageous. But actually, there's a real bread and butter thing kind of here. I saw a billboard on a highway yesterday as we're driving out to a college football game, of all things. And it was devastating. It just said, are you better off? Vote Trump. And it's as simple as that. And so the idea of Trump being mostly about the economy is a very strong element, I think, in the way voters who are inclined towards him are responding. And so you start to pick those things up. I spent today talking to some auto workers who are going to vote for Donald Trump. Obviously, not all of them are, but these ones are. And you really get the strong sense that the economic element of life in America right now might be the thing that ultimately decides the election. Well, thanks for staying up late to give us the lowdown, Willy. Go get some rest. Thanks, guys.