 National polling has Carmela Harris slightly ahead of Donald Trump on the final stretch of the US presidential election campaign but ultimately the result will come down to a handful of states. Seven of them are considered battlegrounds and they could effectively go either way and with it key electoral college votes in the race to secure that magic number of 270. They are Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, North Carolina, Nevada, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. This is not a normal situation is it huh? The two leading candidates have been targeting them in the final stretch to polling day as Republicans and Democrats try to sway undecided voters. The swing state with the most at play holding 19 coveted electoral college votes is Pennsylvania. We win Pennsylvania, we win this great commonwealth, we are going to win the whole ballgame it's such an important place. Pennsylvania has voted Democrat in every presidential race since 1992 other than 2016 when Donald Trump was elected for his first term. It has one of the fastest growing Hispanic communities in the US and both parties are trying to test their popularity among Latinos. The last two major contests were decided by a razor-thin margin. Pennsylvania is a state that went for Trump in 2016, went for Biden in 2020. It's got a lot of white working-class voters so it's got large urban centers, rural communities so Pennsylvania serves as sort of a microcosm of the country as a whole. Nothing will change with Kamala, more weakness, more war, more welfare for illegals and even more taxes. The second Trump term, more unhinged, unstable and unchecked. Online feeds, airwaves and billboards are filled with attack ads as the campaigns invest heavily in Pennsylvania spending more attention, money and time there than anywhere else in the country. Many voters know they could decide who gets the keys to the White House. It's split pretty even even right now. Half of my friends are voting for Kamala and the other half are voting for Trump so if that's any indication then I think it's a pretty tight race here. Pennsylvania is such a close state that it's really going to be you know literally on election day does it rain, is it sunny and who's knocking on doors and and who's most excited about their candidate and going to the polls for them. Pennsylvania is where Donald Trump survived his first assassination attempt. It's where the current and outgoing President Joe Biden grew up. A recent poll of likely voters shows the economy and abortion rights are the state's top issues this election cycle and while many electors have already decided how they're voting others are still unsure, underscoring the need for the Harris and Trump campaigns to continue pressing their case in Pennsylvania. I think we could go in two very different directions with each candidate because they're so different. The views, their policies, so I think that can really change the dynamic of the future of our country. I feel like Donald Trump it would be my vote. I feel like he's probably got a better chance just because Kamala you know she's with everything with the border with the pro-choice with the fracking. I feel like he's probably got a better edge. Now we'll be voting for Kamala Harris for President of the United States. There's no question at the very least she will preserve our democracy and that's what this is about. you