 We are less than two weeks away from Election Day and the candidates topping both tickets have been camped out in this state. Based on polling and past data, it's pretty clear why. But why are we such a battleground state and what do the numbers show? Based on election data I pulled from two Mid-Michigan counties, it's clear this state is really a toss up. The elections have become so close between the two parties and many political analysts expect the same in this election. Why is Michigan a battleground state? Trump has cut into a lot of that Democratic support. We used to be a solid Democratic support because of the Union support. That's still there, but it's not what it used to be. And frankly, that's a good question. Even before Trump came around, you began to see the Democratic Union vote slipping away a little bit. But why do the numbers support that very reason? Paul Rozicki, a political analyst, says that this state isn't what it was 20, 30 years ago. It's not even what it was 16 years ago. Let's take a look at 2008 in Saginaw County. Here are the November election results from that year. Four years later, that county flipped and went red. I think you're really seeing a real alignment of both parties and that's really made the races much more competitive both here in Michigan, Genesee, in Saginaw counties, and also in those nationwide as well. As Rozicki mentioned, the tight margins also seen in Genesee County. 2008, Barack Obama wins by a landslide. That's not what happened in 2016. Will we always be a battleground state or is there a possibility that it'll go back to the way that it was before? Well, politics always changes. Nothing just fits forever. So, no, I think there's a possibility that we're in a very divided time now, and this may not last forever, but yeah, I suspect we may go back to a time when we were a little bit more part of what was called a blue wall. Now, certainly as the attempt of Democrats and they are making some headway in that direction. Rozicki says it's all about getting people to vote at this point because Michigan can go either way.