 Kamala Harris today is doing a big push with local media as part of her closing argument. A Harris-Walls campaign official says the vice president will do five battleground state TV or radio interviews, including one in Michigan. That's where a new poll from the Detroit News and WDIV TV says Vice President Harris is up three points. That is within the margin of error, and with just 2 percent of voters still undecided. My next guest is now on a bus tour trying to reach voters in this final push. Joining me, the Democratic governor of Michigan, Gretchen Whitmer, co-chair of Vice President Kamala Harris' presidential campaign. Good to see you again, Governor. Is Kamala Harris going to win Michigan? I think so, but Chris, we're making, we're leaving nothing to chance. We're doing the work. We're on the doors. We're making the phone calls. And I think we've got a superior candidate. She's got receipts on the issues that matter to Michiganders. But it all comes down to the ground game. And I think we've got a superior ground game as well. But it's still going to be close race in the margin of error, as you said. So close, it's keeping you up at night? You know what? I'm too tired to stay up at night. We're working really hard. You know, the thing about Michiganders is, you know, we're hardworking good people. We expect our leaders to be as good, if not better, and to work as hard, if not harder. And Kamala Harris embodies that. Her focus on helping the middle class and ensuring people have affordable places to live can make their own decisions about their bodies and onshore and supply chains so everyone gets a good paying job. That's what matters to people. And that's the story. That's what we're out telling people about. So for people who aren't familiar with political campaigns, as I said, you're on a bus tour. There are tons of buses, Harris buses, that are out in battleground states all around the country. What do they accomplish? What do you folks on the bus do? Well, you know, I just got done with the tour. I was in Wisconsin with Tony Evers and Pennsylvania with Josh Shapiro. We had 10 governors join us over the course of our week-long bus tour. We went to 40 places, 2,600 miles. It is about telling, you know, making sure that people see and hear the message that we're inspiring and encouraging our volunteers to get out and get on the doors and telling the story. And I think when we do it together, it's really powerful. And that's why I love a bus tour. It's exhausting. But it brings people together. And at the end of the day, this is a people-powered campaign. Harris campaign manager, Jen O'Malley-Dillon, was on MSNBC this morning. And she says she hopes the vice president or her surrogates are the last people that battleground voters hear from before they vote. Do you think with that small sliver in your state, whatever it may be, 2 percent, who haven't decided yet, that could be the difference, literally the last person they talked to? I think so. So margins are traditionally very slender here in this state and in the handful of swing states. We know that as powerful as some of the commercials are or as a sitting governor can be persuasive with people, when they hear from a neighbor or a friend or someone who lives in their community or they work with, that is incredibly impactful. And that's why it's so important that we are on the doors. We're having the conversations. We're reaching out. Now, there's a seat at this table for everyone. You don't have to be 100 percent endorse this agenda. What you do have to be is someone who wants a leader who's going to listen to you, who's going to take in all the information and make the hard decision when the time comes and listens to you. And I think that's why people like former Congressman Fred Upton, who was a dyed-in-the-wool Republican, came on board just in the last week, same with a former head of the Michigan Republican Party, Rusty Hills. There's a lot of great people that are Republicans who are coming over because they recognize how important this moment is. And there is a seat at the table for everyone. There is a growing Latino population in Michigan, approximately six percent, I think. Do you think the racist comments that have caught fire from the Madison Square Garden rally will move the needle at all? Well, I got to tell you, I think one of the more distressing things is to watch the Trump campaign just vilify fellow Americans, how they denigrated Puerto Rico. But this comes from the top. President Trump was here in Detroit, Michigan, talking to leaders in Detroit, just absolutely denigrating the city of Detroit. And in the days that followed, we saw a huge increase in absentee voters turning their ballots in. So, yeah, I do think that it can make an impact. We need a leader who can bring us together, who can see the good in all of us and can put us on a path where every person in this country can become prosperous. That's the goal. And Donald Trump, all he wants to do is tear us down and make us distrustful of one another and hateful of one another so that it benefits him personally. And that's the opposite of the kind of campaign and leadership that Kamala Harris offers. What do you think, Governor, is the most important thing she can say in this closing speech to tonight on the ellipse that will resonate with that small number of Michiganders who have not yet made up their minds? Well, you know, she's been talking about the middle class. She has lived a normal life like most of us have, right? She took care of her mom when she was dying of cancer, just like I happened to. She moved in and helped her sister raising with her kids when she needed some help. I mean, this is what good family members do. Donald Trump's never lived a life like ours. Kamala Harris worked an hourly job to help pay her way through school. Donald Trump doesn't have the foggiest idea what's going on in the average household. And I think staying focused on how we make Americans' lives better, how we ensure that every person can live their dream in this country, make their own decisions about their bodies and their futures, that's what she's offering. And I think that's what she'll continue to talk about. I think that's what American people and Michiganders love to hear. We're out of time, but I have to circle back to the first question. I asked you, if you were a betting woman governor, what are the chances Kamala Harris wins Michigan? I don't play those games, Chris. I appreciate your tenacity. I believe we're going to be successful, but I'm taking nothing for granted. We're going to talk to every Michigander we can between now and Election Day in hopes that we can wrap this up. Governor Gretchen Whitmer, thank you. It's good to talk to you again. Thank you. Thank you.