 Hey everybody, please do me a favor and hit that subscribe button. Thank you very much. All right, everybody, time for another Key Race Alert and we're going to look at the state of Michigan here. We're going to do a little compare and contrast here for you and show you what things were like four years ago as compared to today as the two candidates go into the final homestretch here with two weeks to go. Now, first of all, I would like to note that we're going to go to real clear politics. They, to me, use the most accurate pollster and they're all accurate polls and they're inside. They're not got all these outliers. So first of all, let's look at four years ago. And as you'll see on this day in history, how much things have changed. President Obama had a 9.5 lead over Mitt Romney at this time. And you look at Secretary Clinton, she had a 3.7% lead or 3.4% lead. Donald Trump won the state by three points. He over performed by almost 4% in Michigan in 2020. Joe Biden ended up winning the state by 2.8%. According to real clear politics, Biden had a 4.2% lead. So he over performed 1.4% with them. I'm showing you this because real clear politics is the best one. Now, I want you to look at this right here. The last update we see the averages out of Michigan. Donald Trump now has a lead over Kamala Harris by 1.2%. But see this. Out of the last 10 polls, Donald Trump has won seven of them and they've been tied in two. And look at what this day in history is between President Biden and Trump and Clinton Trump. Biden was a president. Biden was almost eight points. Secretary Clinton was up 11. 11 points. I mean, that is closing big time in the last two weeks. All right. Now let's look at 538 or excuse me, 270. The reason I'm showing you 270 is because they're not a good side. They use a lot of inaccurate polls. But I'm going to show you this right here. Look, four years ago, President Biden ended up with a five point, almost five point lead in their final average of polling. Donald Trump over performed by almost 5% according to 270. Now look at their numbers right here. Trump is ahead by 0.4%. Now let's go look at 538. When we look at Michigan, we can see that Donald Trump performed almost 6% last time. And currently Harris and their average has a two tenths of a point lead. Okay. The point I'm driving at here is in the last two elections, there has been a hidden Trump voter that does not want to tell people they're voting for Biden, Hillary Harris, what have you. She's polling lower than what those two did. He's polling higher than he ever did. So if history is any indicator, and I don't see why it wouldn't be, Trump's going to over perform again, whether it be people not telling or the pollsters underperforming. He's looking at getting over 50% of the vote right here in Michigan. Hey, I'll be at one later. Thank you all for watching. Please stay tuned. That's a travel for me.