 Hey, and welcome back to the Michael Cohen Show. On our journey, first it's gonna be to the 200,000 mark and we're just right there, but then to 250, 500, and a million. So if you like what you hear, hit the subscribe button. Anyway, today I wanna talk to you about Trump's absolutely ridiculous speech in Saginaw, Michigan. All right, so first, let's look at this clip of the crowd size. Play that clip. All right, look, here's the crazy thing. You cannot go and listen to a single rally or a single speech by Trump without him bragging about the size of the crowd. And why he's saying it? Because he sees what's happening. I mean, my high school, my high school basketball games had bigger crowds than what Donald Trump had in Saginaw, Michigan. The funny thing is he turns around too and he goes, you know what everybody, who else can draw a crowd like this at two o'clock in the afternoon on a weekday? Who? How about Kamala Harris? That's who. Or how about the Wolverines, which is what we were in our high school when we were playing in a championship game? That's who. So what are you babbling about? It makes absolutely no sense at all. It was a shit turnout. All right, why? Because you have no ground game. Anyway, and now I wanna show you this clip of Jessica Tarlov on Fox. And then a clip of Trump speaking at this rally. Play the clip. Okay, the narrative is that Democrats are obsessed with January 6th, but the reality is that Donald Trump is the one who's obsessed with 2020. Even today, he was on stage in Michigan saying, I won and I won by an even bigger margin than 2016. Maybe he should be quiet about it, but he can't stop himself, which puts it into the national discourse. It's so true. The guy doesn't stop talking about it. And every time he talks about it, he changes the crowd size. It's very much like the way he used to do it with his network. You know, I could possibly be worth six billion. You know, in fact, I think it's more like seven or eight. You know what? The more I'm thinking about it, it's really nine. He literally goes up three, $4 billion over a period of less than 15 seconds. And he does the same thing with all of this. Play that clip. Last time, last election, we did great in 2016. A lot of people didn't know we did much better in 2020. We won. We won. We won. We did win. It was a rigged election. It was a rigged election. You have to tell Kamala Harris, that's why I'm doing it again. If I thought I lost, I wouldn't be doing this again. You know what? I'd be right down with the beaches of Monte Carlo, maybe, or someplace. Yeah, first of all, he's never been to Monte Carlo. In fact, he doesn't like going to any place that isn't a Trump property. It's weird, but I could understand. I could understand that the guy is obsessed about trying to convince the world that he actually won the 2020 election. He's so adamant about this, that even somebody like JD Vance is petrified to say anything that could be deemed opposite to what Trump is saying. And that's why he screwed up at the debate. And that's why Tim Walz knew that he couldn't do it. And so he came right in there and hammered that question home. All right? Then the craziness began. I mean, he starts talking about teleprompters and so on. Here's a clip about the teleprompter. Play it. Let's do it before we leave. The teleprompter just went out. Just went out. I'm standing here, and I do most of it without the tele. Isn't it nice to have somebody that doesn't need a teleprompter? Yeah, it would be great if actually you had even read the script before, so that you would have even a minutia of knowledge about what it contained, which of course you don't. I mean, that's the funniest thing. And when you go off script, it's what are you going off script on? Again, electrocution, boats, planes, trains, automobiles. In fact, it would be nice if you even had an iota of knowledge about what was in that script. I mean, that would have been great. Instead here, you're going to start talking again about windmills and start talking about boats and sharks and electrocution and all forms of nonsense and how you won and that the crowd size and so on. It's the old, old routine. There's nothing new here. It's not like you're talking about policy. God forbid something like that on a presidential election that you should talk about anything other than a concept of a policy. All right, now he goes ahead. I mean, this whole Saginaw thing was a gigantic fucking mistake. Now he starts talking about overtime. Play that clip. I used to hate to pay overtime. When I was in the private sector, as they say, oh, I don't want overtime. I shouldn't tell you this. I'd go out and get other people and let them work regular time. It's terrible. I said, I'd say, don't get me 10 other guys. I don't want to have time and a half. I don't want to have. But it'll be great. I mean, it'll be those. It'll be great. He's talking to people who probably 30 to 40 percent of their gross take is predicated on overtime. Did you notice the guys in those yellow shirts, their all union guys? Or I mean, you think that these folks that are in Saginaw, Michigan are not working overtime or weekends where they get double overtime. And this fucking idiot talk about not being able to read a crowd. You're not talking to, you know, Lutnik or Schwarzman or Woodkopf, people who don't end up working on an hourly. You're not talking to Wall Street guys or developers. You're talking to employees. These guys probably make 40 percent of their gross pay in overtime. And he's telling him how he used to fuck over his own employees and didn't want to pay them overtime. So he would bring in, you know, others in order just to work. And none of that is true, by the way, either. None of that is true. He just read the room wrong. All right. Then the S-clown starts talking about Jimmy Carter. Remember, it was his birthday, like his 100th birthday or something like that. No. And just while he's talking about Jimmy Carter, I want you to take specific notice how Donald messes up Kamala's name yet again. He calls her like Hamala and then tries to make a joke. Play that clip. Because his administration was considered brilliant compared to what we have now. Jimmy Carter was a brilliant president compared to Joe Biden and Hamala. Kamala, Hamala. Kamala, Hamala, Hamala. And so I'm not. By the way, Jimmy Carter doesn't endorse Donald Trump. I mean, you know, understandably. But now he's sitting there. He fucks up Hamala. So he realizes he made a mistake. So Kamala, Hamala. I mean, come on, man. We're talking about someone that's running for the presidency of the United States. This is, what is this, fourth grade? He then goes on a tangent again. He can't help himself when he loses track because, you know, who needs a teleprompter when you're Donald Trump? You don't need a teleprompter. You just need your finger and your hands and the thumbs up and so on. He goes on a tangent about wind. Play that clip. You're not going to do it through wind. The wind is in blowing, darling. Let's turn on the television. Let's try it anyway. I want to see President Trump make a speech tonight. No, no, darling, the wind is in blowing. We have no juice in the house. We have no juice. Okay, first and foremost, I don't know which darling he's talking about because Melania is not even living with him. So don't worry about the juice and the electricity and the wind. There's no wind. What the hell is this idiot talking about? Seriously. And then you have these dummies in the background and they're just applauding. It's like applauding a car accident, right? You see this massive wreck and then you stop on the highway and you start to applaud. Yeah, great job. Nice job. You know, your face smashed through the windshield. Good for you. Right. Let's just keep going because that's how stupid he sounds. And the fact that you have all those folks again standing, you know, behind Donald Trump, teamsters for Trump, really, really, I didn't see them applauding when he's talking about overtime. In fact, I would love to have been able to poll each and every one of them and ask them exactly how much of their gross pay comes out of overtime and see whether or not they agree with Donald that, yeah, overtime, nobody should be paying overtime and so on. Look, I don't want to show you he brings up an AI clip. I mean, the guy has no idea. Legitimately, he has no idea what AI even is. Play that clip. You're going to have, you know, the AI, artificial intelligence, people don't know it's a big deal. I don't know, good or bad. Who the hell knows? You know, I think it's got some drawbacks if you want to know the truth. There's some big drawbacks to it, but that's going to be the hot thing. That's going to be really the hot thing. Oh, good. At least now we know. I mean, that's Trump. At least now we know. At least he knows that it stands for artificial intelligence, but he has no idea. He has no idea on the capabilities and yeah, there are drawbacks. I'm not going to disagree. There's drawbacks to everything. No substance, no substance or bluster. And lastly, I want to show you this clip of probably how you guys feel right now watching these clips bored out of your fucking gourd. Why? Because again, it's the same regurgitated bullshit over and over and over and over and over. Play that clip. I wear it. It's true. Ah, all right. So I want to I want to do it one more time. And I want to show you the kid off to Trump's right over Trump's camera right shoulder. Play that one more time, because that's the same reaction to Trump's stupidity that I have when I'm watching it on television. Play the clip again. I wear it. It's true. Because that's exactly how we all feel. It's why I'm going to turn around and end this episode by saying what I say each and every time. There is no clearer choice for the presidency come November 5th. And that choice is Harris Waltz 2024. Make sure you're registered to vote vote dot org and make sure that when you get into that ballot booth and you go ahead and you're filling out your ballot, make sure that you're voting for Harris Waltz 2024. Hey, everyone. First of all, thanks for watching. I mean, we're going to be posting daily episodes with reactions and talking about politics. We'll be talking about everything, in fact. So please like and subscribe. Join us on this journey.