 What is one policy that you would have done differently over these last three and a half years than President Biden? I mean to be very candid with you, even including Mike Pence, Vice Presidents are not critical, they're presidents. I mean, look, they're partners. The President and the Vice President have been critical partners. They are. They're partners in everything that has been done outside, come out of this administration, by and here's administration. So Kamara Harris just got some bad news. You know, it's kind of like at this point, every single day, she's getting bad news. OK, but this one happens to be something that will literally impact the electoral college, which means it will impact how this election is going to turn out, because we know it's going to come down to these battleground states. And there's one particular state where MSNBC went there physically and interviewed these voters, also known as swing voters. And so what we're going to do is react to this interview and show you additional clips to justify why this is a big problem for her campaign. As our Americans in this community, as Lebanese Americans now in this community, and you say politicians, which politicians do you blame? They're the ones that are approving the weapons, the resources to bomb our people back home. Although I'm here, I'm an American, I work here, I've had my kids here, my roots are still in Lebanon. I feel like they're turning their back on us. That's my home, my homeland. And they're the ones that are bombing it. Who is voting for Donald Trump in 24? It's possible. It's possible. Yeah, it's definitely not by Harris. That's for sure. Who's voting for Kamala Harris here? Absolutely, no. No. Not possible. There's nothing she can do or say for us to change our mind. Who's voting third party in 2024? Good chance. So Jill Stein. Mm-hmm. It's likely. It's also possible that some of us will just abstain from voting altogether, but we do know that that's not the most political strategy, you know. Why are you voting for Donald Trump? Because my main goal is to get someone who is actively funding a genocide out of office. Is your vote for Donald Trump a vote endorsing Donald Trump, or is it a vote against Kamala Harris? Against Kamala Harris. Donald Trump has said he will reinstate the Muslim ban. He said that last time. He's said that he wants Netanyahu to finish the job. Donald Trump said a lot of things his first time around that terrified me. The campaign that the Democrats ran was that Donald Trump hates us. I felt safe, though, in the country when Trump was in office. I don't feel safe right now with Kamala in office. So, I mean, that to me speaks more. Okay, there's just a few things about this interview. Number one, you can tell that the lady asking the questions has Trump derangement syndrome. She's trying to use fair tactics in the way that she is conducting this interview, which I find to be interesting. Like, oh, Trump is going to enforce a Muslim travel ban. Lady, can you stop with that? Can you just be intellectually honest and get to what the bottom line is for these voters? It's about what's happening in the Middle East. But hey, I guess that's too much to ask, right? But what's funny is how the voter checked her and said, hey, listen. Just because you guys say that Trump is a threat to democracy, just because you say I'm supposed to be scared, doesn't mean I'm going to believe it. And I've been telling you guys, they played that card back in 2020. They can't play it again. They got to come with something else. Now, there's a foreign affairs analyst that went on CNN and said exactly what I just said and what you heard in that interview and just look at the face of these people on the panel when she says it. And I've been talking to people in the business sector, in the Arab American community, and I was really surprised this week to get an earful to hear them say that they would much rather either vote a third party, not vote at all, or vote for Donald Trump. And I'm telling you, it's not obviously a significant sample size, but I cannot find one Arab American within my social circle in business or personally who have said that they will vote for Kamala Harris. When you look at the polling, it seems sort of neck and neck. What they are saying, and this is not a Donald Trump campaign line, that Tiffany Trump's father-in-law, who's a Lebanese businessman, has been successful in kind of converting and talking to people to explain why Trump would be better, even with a Muslim ban, even with everything else that has happened. They feel they do not have any political clout. They don't have any political operation. The only political power they have is their vote, even if it means the rise of Donald Trump. That's extraordinary. That's extraordinary. I mean, and that part, I mean, we were hearing about the inroads that Tiffany Trump's husband was making in the spring when the uncommitted, the uncommitted, uninstructed movement in a couple of states in Wisconsin and Michigan were such a big deal. I mean, 48,000 votes for uninstructed in Wisconsin. That's more than twice Joe Biden's margin in 2020. In Michigan, 101,000 uncommitted votes. That's just shy of what Joe Biden won that state by. I mean, this is important and it could be decisive. And there's 200,000 Muslims in Georgia that no one talks about, too. And in the care poll that came out several months ago, Kamala Harris was in third place among Muslims in several of those states behind both Donald Trump and Jill Stein. So there is this position that she's in. You know, that kind of sounds familiar. Right. Where else have we heard where they don't feel they have a voice or any political power? Oh, yeah, that's right. The black community. This is the problem with the Democratic Party. Right. They keep trying to sell people hope, but they never back it up with action. Now everything is coming full circle. A lot of people are singing through it. And that's why I say in this election, this could impact how people show up and vote. Now, before I get to showing you the electoral college map and how Michigan could be one of the reasons why she will lose this election, let's take a look at this interview she did right after her rally today. And I think it just kind of justifies why people feel the way that they do towards her. Check this out. Let me ask you if I can about one of the challenges the campaign faces right now. Polls show that there is a widening gender gap that Donald Trump leaves, particularly among men by 16 points right now. Why is that? And why do you think there is a disconnect for you with men right now? Well, let me tell you, you can look at this audience and you can see that there are people of every background and gender who are showing up by the thousands. And I think it is because they know I intend to be a president for all Americans. Let me ask you if I can Biden this week. President Biden said this week that every president has to cut their own path. What is one policy that you would have done differently over these last three and a half years than President Biden? I mean, to be very candid with you, even including Mike Pence, vice presidents are not critical of their presidents. I think that really actually in terms of the tradition of it and also just going forward, it does not make for a productive and important relationship. He's now given you that green light with his comments that you can carve your own path. So now that you have this ability to say that to be on your own. Well, no, going forward, there is no question that I bring my own experiences and my own life experiences. Is there a policy that stands out to you in particular? Sure. I mean, my approach to what we need to do around Medicare covering home health care. So, again, she doesn't want to state what will be the difference between her and Joe Biden. You know, at this point, we know it's a big mistake. We know she's in denial. We know either she must be super scared to separate herself or she really is this delusional. I guess you take your pick on what you think it is. But the bottom line is every time she goes to answer that question, it's horrendous. It doesn't provide any level of clarity. And it's the one big question that a lot of these undecided voters, whoever is left that is undecided, it's the one question they truly want an answer to. People know what they're getting with Donald Trump. OK, they know it all. OK, the good, the bad, all of it. All right. But what they don't know is who Kamala Harris is. After every single interview that she's done, all of her rallies, we still don't know Kamala Harris. And that is a problem for her campaign because she continues to spend more time bashing Trump than telling people who she really is. And maybe that's why in Michigan, there was a Muslim American mayor who endorsed former President Trump and today gave him a certificate. Check out this clip. We have the city of Hamtramik and we would like to present you a certificate of appreciation for visiting our city. The officials, if you don't mind to join me to hand you this certificate, please. It's going to be historic for us. OK, what you just saw is not supposed to happen. OK, when it comes to the Democrats, this is not supposed to be happening. A Republican should not be getting an endorsement, especially from people out of the state of Michigan, especially a mayor of a city whose majority Muslim American, the largest Muslim American lives there in that city. So that is just bad news. OK, now here's what Trump had to say in response to that. What if we need to have a Democratic Muslim mayor enforce the mayor in Michigan? Well, it's an honor. I mean, frankly, it's an honor. I've got a lot of endorsements, Arab Americans with a lot of people. So that's a great honor. Do you think it'll move the needle for Arab Americans? Well, I don't think they're going to be voting for her because she doesn't know what she's doing. So I don't see him voting for her. I don't see a lot of people voting for her. She's not a smart person. Now, before we get into the electoral college map and really talk about the state of Michigan, because we know she's having problems there with those voters. Do us a favor, like, share and subscribe to this channel. If you want to support us further, go to the link in the description below, grab yourself a t-shirt or buy us a cup of coffee. Now, what are you looking at on your screen? What you are seeing is if the election was held today, according to realclearpolling.com. This would be the outcome. Trump would have 312 electoral votes and Harris would have 226. Now, through studying and truly hearing the experts speak about these polls and where these candidates stand, it's likely that Nevada happens to be the strongest state for Kamala. So we're going to give that to Kamala right now. Arizona happens to be the strongest state for Trump. So we're going to leave it where it is. Georgia seems to be in Trump's favor. What's interesting about Georgia is out of all the states, Georgia happens to be the most accurately pulled state that there is. So if they say Trump is up by three, Trump is more than likely up by three. Trump is definitely up in North Carolina. It's been a very long time since a Democrat won this state. So we're going to keep it the way that it is. So that brings us to Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. Right. So if we keep it right here at this point, he would be at 262. She would be at 232. So her only path to victory at this point would be to win Wisconsin, win Michigan and to win Pennsylvania. That means she'd have to win all three. It's not likely at this point that she's going to pull that off. OK. And we were just hearing what those voters out of Michigan had to say. We heard a political analyst talk about it. We've seen the uncommitted votes during the primary talk about it. So it's more than likely she's going to lose Michigan. And we're not even factoring in how bad she's doing with men. So obviously, if Trump wins Michigan, he's at 277 and he's the next president of the United States. Even if he doesn't even win Pennsylvania, because we know Pennsylvania happens to be the state that most people say, if a candidate wins Pennsylvania, they're more likely to win the presidency. But as you guys can see in this scenario, she could win Pennsylvania and still lose. And let's look at it from this perspective. If Trump won Pennsylvania, clearly, I mean, it's a blah at that point. But let's say that she won Georgia. Let's just play some games here. She could win Georgia, win Nevada and still lose because he won Michigan and Pennsylvania. So that's why she's spending a lot of time in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. Now, I'm of the opinion that it's probably going to look exactly the way that you're seeing it now. I don't trust Georgia whatsoever. I'm more likely to believe that Trump should win, but I don't rule out the possibility that he'll lose because it's just like last time around. I assume he would win Georgia didn't happen. So let's let's give Georgia less doubt Georgia. But I don't doubt Pennsylvania. I don't doubt North Carolina. And I'm definitely doubting Michigan as it pertains to Kamala Harris. And so this is how I actually see it based on everything that I've seen. So allow me to summarize my opinion as it pertains to the state of the race and why what these voters had to say really matters and why it's a big problem for Kamala Harris. So it literally blows up her election chances. OK, the bottom line is this. She is not an authentic person. That is probably the most tangible characteristic a presidential candidate needs to possess. She is not willing to show us who she really is. At the end of the day, people know who Trump is. Like I stated, they know the good, the bad, the ugly. They don't know who she is. And what they do know is not good, which is she shares some level of responsibility as it pertains to how she's handled the Hamas and Israel war even after Biden dropped out. Their her statements are very canned. They're not relatable. They're exactly what any other politician would say. It doesn't show what type of leadership will exist if she was to win in regards to Joe Biden. Is there a difference? She hasn't shown that when they ask her about Joe Biden and how she would be different. She still gives us canned answers. There's no clarity there. And so it backfires on her in these different demographic of voters. And one particular demographic of voters is the Muslim Americans. They're not playing any games. You vote for the devil that you know. You know exactly what you're going to get from the devil or you're going to vote for the candidate of the unknown. And that's exactly where we find ourselves. Kamala Harris represents the unknown. Now, obviously, many of you know it's just going to be Joe Biden 2.0. But for people who are not really into politics, they have no idea what's going on. Now, if we compare that to Donald Trump, people know what they're going to get. So would you rather go with something that's comfortable? You know exactly what's going to happen, the good, the bad, the ugly. Or are you going to go with what you don't know? I think mindset wise, psychologically, people are going to go with Trump or they're going to sit it out. Or they'll vote for Jill Stein or write someone else in. And that is a disaster for Kamala Harris. So what did you guys think about what these Michigan voters had to say about her? Do you think what they said is spot on? What did you think about the electoral college map that I showed you? Do you see it that way? What about those answers that she gave during the interview where once again they were canned. She clearly was not in the moment. She's still on robot mode. I want to hear what your thoughts are and more. And also, if you missed my reaction to the Al Smith dinner that she skipped out on, where Trump roasted her, it was a bad look. Now people are saying that she berated her campaign manager who told her not to go. If you want to see what I had to say about all that, you can click on that video because it's coming up right now. Thank you.