 We want to take a closer look at where this race stands one week away. Let us turn to the king of the big board, NBC's national political correspondent, Steve Kranacki. Good morning. So here we are. This is the national race one week out. This is the snapshot. And we say it's close, but I think one thing to keep in mind too is remember, the last two elections when Donald Trump ran looked very different at this point. So Harris with an advantage nationally now on average of 1.1 points over Trump. Four years ago on this day, the national poll average was Joe Biden by 7.4 points. Look at that difference. Go back to 2016 on this day. Hillary Clinton's advantage was 4.6. So the polling has just been much tighter this time around for a long time now. And there were polling misses in 2016 and 2020. So we'll see how much of a differential that is. Let's look at the battlegrounds. We vote by electoral college. This is where the votes really count. Show us about these swing states. Yeah, and I mean you could just see how tight they are. We have the candidate who's ahead sort of here. But the margins are so slim. One thing to think about though, look at the three where Harris does have a small, small advantage. If she does hold Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, if there's no surprise anywhere else, she will have exactly 270 electoral votes. And from Trump's standpoint, to show you how tight this is, look, the poll right now has him, the average has him slightly ahead in North Carolina, slightly ahead in Georgia. If he gets those two, all he would need to get exactly 270 is to change Pennsylvania where the average right now is just six tenths of one point to Harris. Do that. And Trump has exactly 270. Well, that explains why the candidates have been parked in Pennsylvania for the last couple months for the most part. Okay, let's talk about the gender gap because it's really looking like this may well be the story of the election. Whose voters show up in greater number in terms of women and men. And it's fascinating Savannah, because our own NBC poll found this recently. Now our friends at CNBC with a new poll again, showing what would be a historic gender gap among men. Donald Trump with a 17 point advantage over Harris among women. Harris with a 12 point advantage among men. That is a total of a 29 point gender gap. That'd be higher than anything we've seen. The one thing I'd note though is we often have talked in the past about the gender gap helping the Democrats. It's often netted out. The Republicans think they may be turning the tables again, like in our NBC poll, a bigger advantage for Trump with men than Harris has with women. Republicans think this may net out in their favor this time. That would be a change and that's a big if obviously though. Okay. Thank you so much. That's where we stand one week out. We'll see you soon. Steve. Thank you.