 Joining me now, Michigan Lieutenant Governor Garland Gilchrist. It's nice to see you again. Welcome back, Lieutenant Governor. Give me a sense of the mood in Michigan, 24 days out from the election for the Harris team there. People are really fired up in Michigan, Alex. So whether it's in the city of Detroit where I'm from and live to the upper peninsula of Michigan where I've been this weekend, our volunteer energy is through the roof, and people are ready to have conversations about what's at stake in this election. And frankly, we were insulted that every time Donald Trump or J. Vance come to Michigan, they lie to our people. They insult people. Trump insulted my city of Detroit where I'm from, where I was raised, where people saw power and potential and a young black man like me and helped me to be my best self. And Kamala Harris also sees that potential in the way that Donald Trump clearly does not, as he only seeks to insult us and degrade us. Yeah, I'm going to give viewers a sense of those insults in just a second. But the recent polling shows Kamala Harris up slightly in Michigan. What does the vice president need to do to close the deal in your state? Well, we knew that Michigan was going to be close coming into this election. And the volunteer energy since she came to the top of our ticket has been palpable. And she needs to be here more. She's been here almost every week, either her or J.D. Vance. And I think that's going to continue through election day. And we appreciate that. She's firing voters up. She did so in Flint, Michigan just a couple of weeks ago, for example. And so I think her presence, but also talking about that she sees the potential of economic opportunity and prosperity that she believes in our auto industry. My mother is a General Motors retiree. GM put food on my table. The auto industry has changed lives in our state. And the fact that she sees a vision for it, she will commit to keeping investments that have already been committed to in the state of Michigan for power for new auto plants. Like she's going to keep that and make sure that we have the chance to continue to grow and continue to define that sector. Like Donald Trump and J.D. Vance, they talked explicitly about the fact they're going to renege on the government's promises to the people of Michigan. That's just really terrible. Okay. And I know you meant to say Governor Wallace has been there cause he has been there an awful lot, but president Obama campaigned for Kamala Harris Thursday in Pennsylvania. And he spoke directly to black men about his perceived lack of enthusiasm from them about the campaign. Let's listen to what he said. You're coming up with all kinds of reasons and excuses. I've got a problem with that. Because part of it makes me think, speaking to men directly, part of it makes me think that, well, you just aren't feeling the idea of having a woman as president. So a new New York times poll shows more and more black voters are voting for Trump. His support could potentially double this year compared to 2016. So is what we just heard the right message is Barack Obama, the right messenger to attract black male voters or might it strike some as a bit scolding? Well, let's, let's take a step back. The way to get black men engaged in anything from being entrepreneurs, like I was in my twenties to getting them to vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. It's a show that you care about them that you believe in their power, that you believe that their choices matter, that you believe that they can impact things for the better. And by showing people and encouraging them to vote, I think that's the right way to go. And I've seen that from the Harris-Walz campaign and I've seen that from Kamala Harris as vice president. I talked about me being an entrepreneur. Well, her and I and their administration worked on a program that used state small business credit dollars from the federal government to create the Michigan Economic Opportunity Fund that we launched last year. About $10 million funds specifically to benefit black entrepreneurs and other disadvantaged entrepreneurs who couldn't get money from banks but can't get money from the government to launch their ideas. That's the kind of message about economic opportunity, potential and ambition. That's what has motivated the black men in the conversation that I have all across Michigan about why they're ready to vote and why they're going to vote for Kamala Harris. And in fact, she's gonna be in Michigan on Tuesday, continuing her media blitz during a radio town hall will be hosted by nationally syndicated radio host, Charlamagne the God. It is yet another effort to reach black men across battleground states. Could Charlamagne in a way be a better voice to reach black male voters overall? Miss Charlamagne is an incredibly trusted voice in our community because he's honest, he's real, he's genuine and black folks listen to him because we know that he cares about black voters today and he cares about our future. He cares about our mental health and Kamala Harris does as well. So I'm excited that he's going to be hosting this conversation in Detroit. And I think those conversations are gonna rhyme with the conversation that I have with black voters across the state of Michigan that they want someone who's gonna protect their healthcare because we have a lot of family members who are living with diabetes and can't afford their insulin. Well, Kamala Harris is gonna help make that insulin get $35 for everybody. They're gonna talk about, again, black entrepreneurship as the way to create wealth so that we can increase the level of black business ownership in a city like Detroit, the city with one of the highest black populations in the country. And so this conversation is important. I'm excited to welcome both of them to Michigan to have it and it's gonna make a difference. Okay, Michigan Lieutenant Governor Garland Gilchrist. Thanks for the chat. Good to see you again, thank you. Thank you.