 Is Trump surging in the blue wall state of Michigan? This is Cocteau, and let's talk some politics. Last time we checked in on Michigan, it seemed that there had been a shift in momentum moving away from Harrison towards Trump between 0 and 3 percentage points. In the polling since the September 10th debate, it seems to confirm this conclusion fairly consistently in the polling across the state. With perhaps only Nevada, Michigan should be the strongest swing state for Vice President Harris among the seven swing states. And President Trump gaining momentum here could be a critical vulnerability with the elections under a month away. For my standard practice for these videos, I'll be looking at the polling shifts for a number of pollsters. This time we have seven pollsters to examine. They include Quinnipiac, The Hill Emerson, Bloomberg Morning Consult, N.Y.T. Siena, Cook Political Report, Trafalgar, and Mitchell Research. With that being said, let's take a look at Michigan. Starting with Quinnipiac, going all the way back to March for an RV survey, they showed Trump beating Biden 48 to 45. Switching to an LV model though, for just after the debate, they showed Trump losing two points to hit 46 while Harris gained six points to hit 51. A massive net gain of eight points for Harris over where Biden had previously been in the race. Now checking back in with The Hill Emerson, in late August they showed Harris comfortably leading Trump 50 to 47. A net gain of four for Harris over her standing in late July in the contest. In their next poll in mid-September though, they found Trump sustaining his level of support at 47 while Harris lost a point to hit 49. A net gain of one point for Trump. For Bloomberg Morning Consult, they have shown some wild swings for Harris and Trump in their polling with their RV surveys. With six points gained for Harris in July and eight points gained for Trump in August. With the race settling at 46 for Trump and 49 for Harris. However switching to an LV model in their latest polls for September, the race stood at 47 for Trump and 50 for Harris. Meaning they detected no movement in the race. Next for the NYT Sienna, in August they showed Harris easily leading Trump 50 to 46. A net gain of three for Harris over where Biden had been in the race previously. However, those gains have been erased in their latest poll which has Trump gaining one point to hit 47 while Harris dropped two to hit 48. A net gain of three for the former president. For the Cook Political Report previously in late July they had Harris leading the race 46 to 49. A five point improvement for Harris over where Biden had stood in the race. Their survey in September saw both candidates improving by two points to have the race at 48 to 51. Meaning no net change according to their survey. Moving on to Trafalgar, they previously had the race tied in late July at 47 apiece. An improvement of two for Harris over Biden standing just prior to his exit. However those gains have been erased in their latest poll at the end of September with Trump sustaining his level of support at 47 while Harris dropped two to hit 45. Finally, previously Mitchell Research showed the race as tied at 48 early this September around the time of the debate. However their most recent poll at the end of September showed Trump gaining a point to hit 49 while Harris remained steady. A net gain of one point for Trump. So we have pretty consistent polling shifts here not only internally to this poll look but with the previous one we did for Michigan showing between zero and three points gained for Trump. Although it's likely one to two. We do have one outlier here with Quinnipiac but they not only switch from an RV to an LV model but there are six months between their surveys which likely account for this radical difference in results. Polling errors also don't really provide any additional explanation with several pollsters showing significant overestimation of Democrats in Michigan between four and six points over the past two cycles including Mitchell Research, N.Y.T. and Emerson. On the other hand, Trafalgar tends to overestimate Trump's support in the state of Michigan, doing so by two points in 2016 and by five in 2020. While some of the polls show a slight lead for Harris, the consistency and gains for Trump show that he is making a play for the state and indeed is making some progress in generating additional support at Harris's expense. But what do you think? Is Trump gaining in Michigan or does Harris have a sufficiently strong lead to hold on to this blue wall state? Let me know what you think in the comments below. This is Kotel and thanks for watching.