 Election fraud is already occurring and we need to be aware of this. This is hard data that we're about to take a look at from Andy Frisella's show and if you don't know who Andy Frisella is, check him out after this video. Yeah so far so good man but yeah I mean you guys know we got so as of today you guys are listening we are exactly two weeks out from this election. Alright now we've talked all the time about you know how they're gonna try to steal this shit right and here we are two weeks out and I just want you guys to be aware of the the multitude of bullshit that's happening around the country right now. This first one I want you guys to check out this headline reads 31,000 mail-in ballots requested at ineligible addresses in one swing state. And once this is in one state yeah okay mail-in ballots are being requested by the thousands in locations which are undeliverable in Wisconsin. If nobody is there who the hell is requesting that ballot? This is the heart of the 2024 steal and it is happening in plain sight for the world to see. This was a great article by the Gateway Pundit got great guys and girls over there. They listed it out in depth. 2,700 permanently moved out of state. 2,300 addresses are not deliverable or not found in the USPS database. 7,500 incorrect or missing a secondary address so like the apartment number for example. 513 door not accessible. There are over 1,200 of these addresses are listed as vacant for more than 90 days as meaning the person did not receive their mail for more than 90 days or not necessarily an empty house but just not active in the USPS database. 3,400 of those addresses are duplicates and 10,000 almost 11,000 of them not all components of the address match up to what is in the USPS database. So all in total almost 31,000 of these and the Gateway Pundit is asking some you know three very simple questions. The question is who is requesting the ballots for people that have moved? That's a great question that should be answered. Who is requesting duplicate ballots be sent to one address right and who is requesting a ballot to an undeliverable address? I think those are some really really good questions. Good questions to be asking. In other places we go to Michigan another swing state. Wait before we go to Michigan I just want to say this for all the people out there that ask when somebody is an election denier and then they say well where's your evidence everything in court was disproven well right here is your fucking evidence that it's happening right now this is the evidence. They have more registered voters on voter rolls than eligible voters. This is another great deep dive that was done by check my vote where all of these things are listed out and it just takes a couple of seconds just to go through and do the math. How many votes did Biden win Wisconsin by in 2020? Look that up while you're telling the story. According to the article the article goes into detail on this. It says the July 2023 US Census population in Michigan was 10,037,261. With almost 8 million citizens over the age of 18. But interestingly enough according to check my vote Michigan's most recent qualified voter files or the QVF it shows 8.4 million registered voters on Michigan's QVF. That's a difference of almost 500,000 votes. 500,000 votes. Yeah and so you have that in Wisconsin what'd you say? 20,682 in Wisconsin. And they're manufacturing an extra 30,000 votes. Right. So that covers it right there. Coincidence. Right there. It must be a coincidence. First of all can they not figure out who's requesting that? What do you anonymously call in with like a voice changer? Oh said there's a balance to the uh just address. Like is that what the fuck these people are doing? Or could you actually track down their phone numbers and track down their information figure out who's doing this and hold them accountable for fucking treason? How about that? How about we do that? How about the FBI does their motherfucking job? How about that? I mean I think that that's a it makes too much sense. Why wouldn't they be trying to do that? Because they don't want Trump to be president. They're gonna do the same shit. Do listen this is what's gonna happen. If they don't turn a grid off and they don't start a fucking war here's what's gonna happen. We're gonna go to bed at midnight and when we wake up they're gonna magically tell us that Kamala won. And then they're... Which is the same shit that happened last time because I remember I went to bed Trump was up we woke up then all those votes came in from Pennsylvania. We're gonna show us a chart of the votes and it's gonna look exactly like the one from 2020 where it goes up and then it goes vertical and passes Trump and then it continues to follow the same pattern. And all of us are gonna be like what the fuck and now all the talking heads are gonna be like could you believe this and then they're gonna be stealing the country. That's what's going to happen dude and people better be ready for that because dude there there isn't a place in my opinion there is not a world where Donald Trump wins the election and they just let him go in without some sort of massive controversy or violence or straight up you know yeah what are you gonna do about it from them and that's that's what these people think. Think about the attitude that you would have to have as an individual to think that this is okay to do. Like think how brainwashed you would have to be and how insane you would have to be to think that the rest of the people in your country don't have a right to say what it is they believe who they want to vote for who they want representing them like think about that like that is that is fucked up dude. I mean we have a right but at the same time I mean you kind of see how they don't want it to be alright it has to be nothing against the state remember nothing against the state the communism that's what communism is is like we're gonna put our people in no matter what and Trump is up so much right now too so it's gonna be very interesting to see what happens on election night but we already know that they're trying to steal it and it's not a conspiracy theory we have the evidence of that right here. That's that's way worse than ego. No that's evil shit yeah in Michigan those people deserve to be in prison forever forever forever ever ever that not a year not probation not a fine forever you are fundamentally interfering with other citizens rights in this country and it's damaging the country and because these people don't understand anything other than what the MSM tells them they think they're being patriots they think oh I'm justified in doing this because look how bad this guy is because the media for the last eight years have lied and lied and lied and lied again and made these people believe this dude is the Antichrist and they think they're doing the right thing right dude and to be fair the Democrats they are the Antichrist we've seen that like they hate Christians and that doesn't have nothing to do with what my beliefs are as everything to do with what I have seen happen dude evil people don't sit around and think oh man we're gonna do all this evil shit they sit around and they think oh we're right they're wrong they just don't know any better so we got to do this duty and whatever this thing is is usually a mass violation of their rights this is how leftists think this is how authoritarians think people say oh Trump's an authoritarian no bro signing fucking executive 30 executive orders on day one without passing through Congress that's authoritarian creating a situation where people are forced to take a vaccine or they lose their job that's authoritarian create I was at a company that did that in a scenario where people's votes don't even count and you're willing to ignore a massive part of the population that's authoritarian okay going to wars and spending hundreds of billions of dollars without the approval of the American people that's authoritarian all right so we live in an authoritarian environment already and when they call Trump that it makes me laugh because I'm like dude what do you are you not aware of what's going on here it's not that they aren't aware it's that they think it's okay they think it's justified they think oh this is okay for me to go along with because I'm a patriot I'm saving the I'm saving democracy right right and this is how the Democrats and the media have and the big businesses the big fortune 100 companies have brainwashed a large part of the population to be willing to commit illegal acts and think that it's no big deal it's nobody yeah I mean the manufacturing of the ballots is going on right now and the voter roll count that we just saw in Michigan everybody needs to share this video everybody needs to know that this is happening to the people out there that have been gaslit about being election deniers and you know they hit you with the whole like well there was no evidence or it didn't get to court like the courts turned it down or whatever they want to say here's your evidence be sure to check out Andy for cella he has a very large following I do like any for cella but I normally don't do reaction content to what he does because I don't want to just be like a shoot off of him but this was very very important like this applies to every single American citizen voter fraud in Wisconsin and in Michigan right now as we speak