 What is up YouTube is coffee back with another update and yes, it's another update about Trump What a crazy scene we got saw go down today in Pennsylvania And I was saying in another video not just what happened today how it felt so surreal and just like what the fuck You know everything from how it went down to his reaction just everything And then you take that along with other stuff that we've been seeing in the news as a latest just like man What in the world is going on in these crazy times? We're living in you know what I'm saying, but when I say that I want to make it clear I'm not saying that that was fake, but you best believe in the blogosphere in this internet era Individuals are most definitely saying that here We go everybody with the Donald Trump staged a shooting just to win the election First of all Donald Trump would definitely stage a shooting with fake blood and all that just to win the election Absolutely, I agree with that But think about it He would have to fake out the CIA the United States government is going to take every resource and asset They're going to make sure that this was real if it was fake they're gonna find out So you'd have to know that I am a fake out the CIA. How could you possibly do that now? I know it looked kind of too easy and only got him in the ear Doesn't look like any bullets hit anybody else. There's no You know the pictures he had these great photo ops. He was very ready in the moment And if you think about it, he kind of knows how the CIA operates In fact He could have built a whole team while he was president that Studies and figures out how you could fool the CIA and put them in place and be ready to do it Bottom line. I think that shit was real and I think he's he's gonna absolutely win this election at this point All right, so you hear that was the lawyer for workers do let me know if you guys like his stuff I I'm a fan of him. You know what I mean? But you heard him he's uh Commenting on how it's the internet people think everything's fake Especially of course a big incident like this going down, but there's so many situations, you know I could give a million examples of stuff that people don't believe is real or whatever No comment and let me know your thoughts But you heard him he said that he told him totally believes that trump would indeed Put together a whole play like that to win the election, but he doesn't believe that's what happened But he does believe at this point Um, you know after those events today that there's no way that trump doesn't win the election and I gotta say my reaction right at this moment, man And again, I always gotta make it clear when i'm speaking on anything political I'm not like this side that side type of guy or anything. I just sit back and watch it all play out. Um, I gotta say I agree and I concur I think with what we saw happen Did the aftermath just everything? I think trump is gonna win the election. I really do man. Let me know if you agree or not But it's so wild to hear him mention the cia man like We know uh speaking of real or fake. Uh, there's so many situations out there, right? Where? We've seen things declassified and stuff like that over the years in the cia, right? They write the book, right? The Rough draft the final draft the final edit Um, you know, it's wild. Uh, what a what a crazy Thought that is though. You heard him like well, you know, is it possible trump? Put together a team when he was in office to study the cia would he be able to do that again? Everyone this is all theories. We're all just talking. We're all just reacting to what we saw go down and you know Everyone else's reaction and just the news that's what we do over here on this channel as well If you're new make sure to subscribe and join the discussion in the comments but um, yeah, man Cia What more can I say? I guess i'll just you know comment Some crazy issues you've seen in regards to the cia over the years writing the book on stuff and Operation this or that or whatever, you know, leave it in the comments below, but we also got obama Reacting uh to this uh news here as you see he said There is absolutely no place for political violence in our democracy Although we don't yet know exactly what happened We should all be relieved that former president trump Wasn't seriously hurt and use this moment to recommit ourselves to civility and respect and our politics Michelle and I are wishing him a quick recovery and then you see two in the comments there That's not a real elan musk account. That's a parody but with the way twitter is now you see they got the check mark as well He said at least you spoke before biden but real talk man, um, you know anything we're talking about not just the poly not just politics Just different stuff in the news again. We talk a lot of topics over here. Make sure to subscribe get in the comments You know stay tuned for the updates and everything. You see obama just basically trying to say hey, um like Someone could have been killed, you know, and and that's what's so wild people get so turned up behind things politics other stuff, you know like There's a lot of people I dislike, you know what i'm saying? Um hate is a strong word. Although I do got some individuals out there I really got some hate for you know, but to to want to see Someone uh lose their life is like whoa, you know what? I mean? And that's kind of what uh, obama is saying And before we close it out too. We got to hear from my guy. Mr. Brenneman. Um now Shout out to brendan. He's always been a supporter of the channel And you know what's so wild is he left a lot of comments in the yt system with flagging a man. They were I I shouldn't even say that they just vanished. They were gone poof vamoose son of a Right shout out jay-z right quoting H to the iso, right? They they they just Disappeared into the abyss gone, you know, and he says I'll post this here because all the comments are hidden On your most recent video and I want to make that clear to people out there as well There's been times in the past like shout out brendan. He already knows he's been around for a minute Um in other situations where people's comments will disappear and people get heated You know what I mean? And I never am deleting people's ish unless they say something absolutely just so foul and flucked up Sometimes you got to go into the editor and um, you know The system will put certain stuff where it needs to be approved And like I said, typically I approve everything unless it's just something so foul and flucked up But um his comments just gone nothing in the editor But he says it's clear what happened. They try to take him out. It's happened many times in history They just failed when lawfare doesn't work. They resort to warfare The secret service allowed it to happen There are thousands of eyewitnesses and countless recordings of what happened If he doesn't turn his head to the right, he's not here right now Other people weren't as lucky ebb stein was a major democrat party donor Financier and socialite everyone knew him. He was an extremely charismatic public figure The court documents explicitly make it clear that trump was never at his island or his house Not even once the victim's text testified to this In court Or i'm sorry this fact in court trump even banned him from his club for harassing young women This is public record. Epstein was never accused of anything until all way Knowing someone doesn't make you party to their crimes guilt by association is a nonsensical concept Trump hadn't even been associated with him for years by that point. So You know, I was mentioning something about the wicked demon abstein, you know what i'm saying? Um, there's there's a link i'm gonna leave on this video And i'll leave it to brendan man as well, you know where there was some stuff coming out Declassified that you know whenever trump has been brought up in regards to abstein, you know Like people have been saying nah, you know, like he Just was around him. He didn't know him. He bumped into him, but there's been some things that came out Recently, you know I'll pin it below. You know, I want to know what everyone thinks about it and um, you know, it's more or less just some stuff where it's um You know individuals like that To not get all into it in this video more or less. There's um some stuff out there were their tying trump to abstein saying, you know that they were Close and they were both You know sued in a lawsuit for some very foul stuff named in the same lawsuit and stuff like that Um, i'll pin it below But uh, man, what a turn of events You know, what does everyone think about it? Well my guy brendan man had to say um lawyer for workers obama Your thoughts just across the board. Let's talk about it all once again. That's what we do over here on this channel So uh, subscribe hit the comments and i'll catch you guys on the next one. Peace