 Joe Biden has joined Kamala Harris in Pennsylvania for a campaign rally, one of the must-win states. It is the first time the US President has appeared with his Vice President on the election trail since dropping out of the race. And joining me live is former White House Chief of Staff and now Bondi Partners Consultant Mick Mulvaney. Great to see you once again. Pennsylvania is really shaping up as the one to watch, isn't it? It is. And it's not surprising that it's the first place that we've seen President Joe Biden with Vice President Kamala Harris. This is effectively Joe Biden's home state. He's from there, even though he represented a nearby, much smaller state, Delaware in the Senate. He's got deep, deep roots in the Pennsylvania community. So the one place you could probably expect him to be again and again is in Pennsylvania. Keep in mind, these races are going to be so close, Laura, so very, very close in eight or 10 states, maybe even now. Watch where the candidates spend their time. That's where they think they can make the most headway. They think they can have the most success. Democrats talk about challenging in Florida. Republicans talk about challenging in Illinois. It's never going to happen when they are on the ground in Pennsylvania. It means that's where the battle is. Yeah. Where else is the battle, do you think? Arizona, Nevada, Michigan, we've got Wisconsin, we've got North Carolina. What's another one to watch? Well, look, and I know you're planning your big trip for November, but so keep in mind. I'm still trying to work out where to go, Amika, to be honest. I just don't know. I'd like to be in the center of the universe and I'm just not sure where that is. I have tried all my can to get you to go to Las Vegas because Nevada really is in play, but let's be serious for a second. The Harris campaign has been in Georgia, I think three of the last four days. This was a state that Joe Biden had no chance to win. They've got internal polling data now that says they might even be tied. Talk about the Harris campaign now might be tied with Donald Trump in Georgia. The larger polls I'm seeing has Trump up by two or three, but that's within the margin of error. So the fact that the Kamala Harris team is on the ground in Georgia speaks volumes about where they think they've got some opportunities here. I don't know what the equivalent would be in Australia, but if you picked a traditional sort of liberal seat and then have labor spend a lot of time there, that's what Kamala Harris is doing in Georgia. Yeah, right. Okay. Well, I'll maybe plan my trip a little bit more last minute Vegas. I don't know. I don't know whether bosses would like that. There might be an ulterior motive, but I don't know. Anyway, let's talk about, well, Joe Biden being on the campaign trail, what is the point of his presence? I mean, in those traditional Democrat seats, is it important for voters to see that this is a smooth transition, if you like, an endorsement? Or is he just a reminder that she's part of the current administration? And if you don't like the current administration, well, she's made all the decisions too. Pennsylvania will be the only state that you see Joe Biden campaign in because it's the only swing state where he actually has some deep roots. They're not sending him to Michigan. They're not sending him to Wisconsin. They're certainly not sending him down to Georgia. He's very unpopular in a lot of places around the country, but he's from Pennsylvania. So my guess is, and it's an educated guess, this will be the one place you will see him on the ground for Kamala Harris. And you'll see him again and again. Keep in mind, he's been active in politics now in that area. Delaware is right next door to Pennsylvania. He's been active in politics in that area for almost 60 years, and he has a lot of deep roots that he can call on for extra support for Kamala Harris in a state that might be decided, Laura, by maybe 10,000 votes or less. It's going to be extraordinarily close in that state, along with many others. Is this debate going to happen, do you think? Yeah, I'm still 50-50 on the debate. I'm 90-10 on the debate. I think it's going to happen because we're just getting out too close for either side to back out, and everybody assumes it's going to happen. But keep in mind, Donald Trump, he says he has agreed to the rules that the network is carrying, that the television network has laid out. The Harris team has not committed to that yet. They're fighting still, Laura, over whether or not the microphones will be turned off when it is no longer the candidate's time to speak. This was part of the deal that the Trump team reached with the Biden team. It was the original terms of the original debate going back about two months now, and the Trump team wants it to continue. The Harris team is now saying that they want the microphones on all of the time because they think it makes Donald Trump look bad. So you're getting this back and forth as to whether or not those mics will be on. They have not agreed to that yet, so there's no formal agreement in place. Everyone's assuming there's going to be a debate a week from tomorrow, but it's not a done deal yet. Okay, finally, what's RFK Jr. up to? Oh, he's just a disaster. He really is. So he dropped out of the race, said he's going to support Trump, and then found out he can't get off the ballot. What does that mean under our system? It means he's going to be supporting Donald Trump in the state of Michigan. RFK was actually polling pretty well, sort of between 8 and 12%, depending on the poll you looked at. So he drops out of the race, says he's going to support Donald Trump, but now he finds out his name will still be on the ballot. So when voters go in in November and see the names they can vote for for president, it will be Kamala Harris, Donald Trump, and RFK Jr. And that's going to confuse voters, and they might still vote for RFK instead of voting for Donald Trump, which is what Kennedy says he wants. So the Kennedy campaign has been a disaster from the very beginning. They've not been very sophisticated. They could still play a spoiler role, but not for the reasons that they anticipated. Mick, it is always a pleasure. Thank you. We'll continue that trip planning ahead of the presidential election. I'm trying really hard to figure out a way to bring Hawaii into a battleground state. It does not happen in this year. I'm thinking more like Colorado, actually, but that would be my holiday destination choice, but that would be selfish of me. But let's talk. We'll see you soon. It could be Detroit for you in November. Okay, Detroit. That's now on the cards. We'll see you soon.