 So Governor, appropriately, the Spilly suburbs and city of Philadelphia gets a lot of attention and a lot of people talk about the T, which is, let's just call it, for lack of a better term, we know what it is, but it's not a center in northern part of the state. I never think Allegheny gets enough attention. Yeah. And there's a quite, there's a lot of votes in the Allegheny County, it's Pittsburgh and the surrounding areas, the uninitiated here. Yeah. So I want to go north of Allegheny and I got, well, I got you here. I got to put in a pitch for my friend Tom Hagan. He really wants to get Governor Walts to Erie. So whatever you can do, and I'm going to really, to the extent I can push anything is to get Governor Walts. I think it'd be a smart place for him to go to Erie, honestly. First off, I love Tom Hagan. And I thought Tim went up to Erie recently and I think it'd be great. Okay. Yeah, I think it'd be great to have him back and have the vice president there. I go to Erie all the time. Erie is sort of one of these critically important swing counties. I've been privileged to win an Erie every time I've been on the ballot. And it's an area where you got to compete really, really hard. And it's an area that I think is up for grabs right now. So spending a lot of time there, Democrats are both the surrogates and the candidates, and I'm going to continue to do everything I can to help there. You know, things over my career, we were lucky. We thought we'd get 37 in Philadelphia burbs in the four counties. We would be on track to winning. Of course, that no longer is the case. But the one constant is, Erie was, is, and looks like will continue to be a kind of 50-50 county. It's a bellwether. Yeah, there's no question. And look, Erie's also had some economic challenges over the last several years. Now we've made progress here. We made some critical investments there. And so I think the economic message is really important. And that's where I think you see a stark contrast, right? Kamala Harris talking about cutting childcare costs, right? Having a childcare tax credit. She's talking about investing in small businesses, putting money into small businesses and cutting taxes. That's the kind of stuff that resonates real well in Erie. Unlike I think cutting taxes for those who are at the top of the earning bracket. No offense to them. But I think what you really need to see on an economic message is something that speaks to the middle class, strengthens our union jobs and our unions in general. And that's Kamala Harris. So, Governor, before I turn it back to Al, we obviously have a very critical plant right there with my dear friend, Senator Casey. Do you expect that Senator Casey will run a little bit ahead of Vice President Harris? You expect it to be about the same? How do you look at the differential there? Look, we'll see. It's closed. I think poll after poll that shows the presidential race effectively, you know, a dead heat, shows Senator Casey with a little bit of a lead. But listen, you know, these races are closed, James. You know that. And the guy that Casey's up against is like a bottomless pit of special interest money. And so you've got a whole lot of money being spent against Bob Casey. Bob Casey is an honorable man. He is a dear friend. He votes Pennsylvania values in the United States Senate. He gets stuff done. He's focused like a laser beam on cutting costs for folks. And look, I mean, the guy he's running against, like just he's just like not from here. He doesn't get it. And I think a lot of Pennsylvanians understand authenticity. Bob Casey is authentic.