 I'm Susan Torricio, National Politics Correspondent for the Washington Times, and today we're going to talk about fracking and how it may impact the upcoming presidential election. It is a method of extracting oil and natural gas using an injecting liquid into the bedrock to blast open the rock and extract energy. It's been around for a long time, actually started in the 1940s, but it really became a huge industry in the United States beginning in 2005. This was after the discovery of oil and shale reserves in the United States that basically gave the U.S. a leg up on energy production worldwide. But it's been controversial. Some people believe there are dangers associated with it, although proponents of fracking say that those threats are minimal or non-existent, so there's a real debate over the safety of fracking. And it's also controversial because it extracts fossil fuels. And in the United States, there's a pretty big push by some groups and politicians to end the use of fossil fuels. It's a big, big part of the Biden-Harris agenda to stop the use of fossil fuels over the next several decades through electrifying our transportation fleet, our power plants, our buildings, everything. So there's a conflict between this big and important industry of extracting oil and natural gas from the ground and the Harris-Biden administration. Fracking is a big industry in a number of states. Texas and Pennsylvania are the top two. Pennsylvania has more than 20 percent of the natural oil and gas that is extracted through fracking. So they're a big part of this industry, especially in the southwest part of the state and rural areas where the energy industry is employing a lot of people. There was a recent study out that said in Pennsylvania loan in 2022, 123,000 jobs were supported by the fracking industry. It's a big number for these rural areas. And there are also high-paying jobs, too. People are making six figures working in this industry, and they pump that money back into the economy. So fracking is hugely important for the voters of Pennsylvania. Now, she is from California. She's a Democrat. And her views have always aligned with environmental and climate change-concerned advocates who say that the use of fossil fuels is a danger to the Earth and our very existence. And she has associated her views with them and has in the past said that she thinks fracking should stop. And when she ran for president in 2019, she said that if she was elected president, that she would ban fracking. Now, now that she is running for president, has been suddenly thrust to the top of the ticket with less than 100 days to go before the election. And now that her fate politically relies on battleground states, including Pennsylvania, she no longer supports a fracking ban publicly. She has said that she does not align herself with those views. She will not ban fracking. And some people are considering this a flip-flop, but Harris is saying that this is simply aligning her with the Biden administration, which also did not call for banning fracking. And it certainly is. It's a change from 2019, and that's not that long ago. And so she can try to say, well, we didn't try to ban it during the Biden administration. And that is true. But what the Harris and Biden administration have done is implement regulations and sign laws that curtail the use of natural gas, which will definitely impact the fracking industry and hurt the fracking industry in America. And that includes the power plant rule that came out in April, which would end the use of new natural gas power plants, unless they eliminate all their emissions, which is pretty much impossible. So limit the use of natural gas in our power sector over the next few decades. They also put in place a temporary halt in the export of liquefied natural gas. That's another way that the industry of fracking in the United States will be suppressed, because if you're not exporting, then you can't produce it. There's nowhere to export it to. That hurts the industry. It's one of seven swing states. Most of the 50 states, it can be predicted which candidate they're going to vote for. They're considered either red, meaning they'll vote for a Republican, or blue. They're more likely to vote for a Democrat. There are seven states that are considered swing states, meaning they could swing either way and have done so in the past few elections. They've gone back and forth. We also call them battleground states. Pennsylvania is a really important one. Some people think that it may be, at this moment, the most important battleground state for Vice President Harris to try to win if she wants to be president. It has 19 electoral votes, and it is among the states that she would need to have to get to 270 electoral votes. In order to become president, you need 270 electoral votes. Once you cross that threshold, you win, and the other candidate loses. Pennsylvania for her is considered a big important state, because there are other states that may be out of reach in that battleground state alignment. Pennsylvania is one that she needs. It's not clear whether she'll get it. She can sell herself to voters there, given her record on energy and some other issues as well. It possibly could help her. pollsters in Pennsylvania say that the voters will more likely look at her overall record, but the fact that she's come out and said, I'm not going to ban fracking. She at least will not be completely discounted by the voters in, say, the southwest part of Pennsylvania or other parts of rural areas where energy is a dominant industry or a very important industry. They won't completely discount her. She says, I'm not going to ban fracking. At least they'll give her some consideration. It won't necessarily help her win Pennsylvania, but it will probably stop her from outright losing those voters. They are, again, in the rural areas. Harris is likely to win Philadelphia and some of those suburbs, and also Pittsburgh, perhaps, but the very far outer rings, that's where she's less likely to do well. Those voters have increasingly, over the years, migrated toward Republican presidential candidates. It's an uphill battle for her there, but she at least keeps herself in the game by saying I'm not going to ban fracking. So that was a very important statement for her to make. Former President Trump is doing what many people say the president should do in a situation like this, which is bring up the record of the opponent. And so he's talking about Harris's record in the White House and the Biden-Harris record of trying to stop the use of fossil fuels and how that's associated with higher energy prices. And also he's been talking about her flip-flopping. For example, he'll say, well, she said, I'm going to ban fracking. So he doesn't say I'm going to ban, he doesn't say I was going to ban fracking. Now I'm not going to ban fracking. He's just bringing up her past statements. And they're recent enough that that's fair game if he wants to talk about when she was a proponent of ending fracking. And he can keep doing that. I think that's a successful way to go after your opponent, is to talk about their record. And she is actually changing her mind on a lot of issues that matter to battleground state voters. And if you put all that together, it's a harder sell to say you're now going to just turn around on all these issues when very recently you had a completely different viewpoint on them. It does look like it's truly an effort just to win over this one segment of voters. And that's why President Trump is trying to talk about it as Kamala Harris flip-flopping and that she can't be trusted on the issue, but also looking at how the Biden-Harris administration has treated the energy industry over the past three and a half years, you know, explicitly moving to end fossil fuels, which of course we know is going to play a huge role in the natural gas industry in the United States.