 Hello everyone, today I'm back with some surprising poll results that show just how tight the presidential race between the two candidates is. As of now, there are only 35 days left until the election of the next president of the United States. Almost a month to go, and everyone is eagerly waiting to see who the new president will be. Today, we will analyze the latest polls in Pennsylvania. The poll results are quite surprising. Exactly two days ago, I shared the last 14 polls in Pennsylvania, where Kamala Harris won a big victory. Let's see who got more votes in these latest polls. As you may recall, Donald Trump won all the electoral votes in Pennsylvania in the 2016 US presidential election by a margin of 0.72%. However, in the 2020 US presidential elections, Joe Biden won the electoral votes in Pennsylvania with 1.17% more votes than Trump. New polls were shared after the last polls in which Harris achieved great success. Let's see how much votes the candidates received in these polls. Let's find out together. Before diving into the polls, make sure to subscribe to our channel for free to get the latest poll results immediately. Thank you for subscribing. Now let's continue. The first survey was conducted by Atlas Intel between September 20th, 25, among one new of its 175 likely voters. All candidates were included in this poll. Kamala Harris received 48% of the vote and Donald Trump, 51%. Trump was three points ahead of Harris in this poll. The second poll was conducted by Atlas Intel between September 20, 25, among 1,775 likely voters. Unlike the previous poll, this poll was conducted only between Trump and Harris. Kamala Harris received 48% of the vote and Donald Trump, 51%. Trump was three points ahead of Harris in this poll. The third poll was conducted between September 26, 29 by the Trafalgar group among 1,090 likely voters. Kamala Harris received 45% of the vote and Donald Trump, 48%. Trump was three points ahead of Harris in this poll. Donald Trump has perfectly managed to get the most votes in the polls so far and has taken a solid step towards the presidency. Finally, the fourth poll was conducted by Patriot Polling between September 27, 29 among 816 registered voters. Kamala Harris received 49% of the vote while Donald Trump received 50%. Trump finished one point ahead of Harris in this poll. Donald Trump has done brilliantly in the latest polls in Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania has 19 electoral votes. Pennsylvania has a very important influence in determining the next president of the United States. That's why Trump's excellent showing in the latest polls is an important step towards the presidency. Looking at the graph, we can see that it is a highly contested battle between Harris and Trump. In Pennsylvania, which has a high number of electoral votes, the party with the most votes will be one step closer to becoming the next president of the United States. And now, for those who haven't seen it, let's watch the results of the polls, in which Kamala Harris did very well. Before diving into the polls, make sure to subscribe to our channel for free to get the latest poll results immediately. Thank you for subscribing. Now let's continue. The first poll was conducted between September 11 and 19th by the University of Massachusetts Lowell Center for Public Opinion, Ugov, among 800 likely voters. Kamala Harris received 48% of the vote and Donald Trump 46%. Harris finished two points ahead of Trump in this poll. The second poll was conducted between September 16 and 19th by the Muhlenberg College Institute of Public Opinion among 450 likely voters. Kamala Harris and Donald Trump received 48% each. Both candidates received an equal number of votes in this poll. The third poll was conducted between September 16 and 19th by Redfield and Wilton Strategies among 1,286 likely voters. Kamala Harris and Donald Trump received 47% each. Both candidates received an equal number of votes in this poll. The fourth poll was conducted between September 18 and 20th by RMG Research among 783 likely voters. Kamala Harris and Donald Trump received 49% each. Both candidates received an equal number of votes in this poll. The fifth poll was conducted between September 16 and 22 by Susquehanna Polling and Research among 700 likely voters. Kamala Harris and Donald Trump received 46% each. Both candidates received an equal number of votes in this poll. The sixth poll was conducted between September 20 and 24 by Beacon Research, Shaw and Company Research among 775 likely voters. Kamala Harris received 47% of the vote and Donald Trump 48%. Trump finished one point ahead of Harris in this poll. The seventh poll was conducted between September 20 and 24 by Beacon Research, Shaw and Company Research among 1,021 registered voters. Kamala Harris received 48% of the vote and Donald Trump 46%. Harris finished two points ahead of Trump in this poll. The eighth poll was conducted between September 20 and 24 by Beacon Research, Shaw and Company Research among 775 likely voters. Kamala Harris and Donald Trump received 49% each. Both candidates received an equal number of votes in this poll. The ninth poll was conducted between September 20 and 24 by Beacon Research, Shaw and Company Research among 1,021 registered voters. Kamala Harris received 50% of the vote and Donald Trump 48%. Harris finished two points ahead of Trump in this poll. The tenth poll was conducted between September 1 and 25 by active vote among 400 likely voters. Kamala Harris received 52% of the vote and Donald Trump 48%. Harris finished four points ahead of Trump in this poll. The 11th poll was conducted by Morning Consult between September 19 and 25 with 993 registered voters. Kamala Harris received 50% of the vote and Donald Trump 44%. Harris finished six points ahead of Trump in this poll. The 12th poll was conducted between September 19 and 25 by Morning Consult with 993 registered voters. Kamala Harris received 49% of the vote and Donald Trump 46%. Harris finished three points ahead of Trump in this poll. The 13th poll was conducted between September 19 and 25 by Morning Consult with 924 likely voters. Kamala Harris received 51% of the vote and Donald Trump 45%. Harris finished six points ahead of Trump in this poll. The 14th poll was conducted by Morning Consult between September 19 and 25 with 924 likely voters. Kamala Harris received 51% of the vote and Donald Trump 46%. Harris finished five points ahead of Trump in this poll. Kamala Harris has done brilliantly in the latest polls in Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania has 19 electoral votes. Pennsylvania has a very important influence in determining the next president of the United States. That's why Harris's excellent showing in the latest polls is an important step towards the presidency.