 Welcome back to America Decides and CBS News coverage of the first presidential debate between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris. Now what did the voters think about tonight? CBS's Nicole Killian is in Bucks County, Pennsylvania with a focus group and Nicole we are all so interested to hear what these voters thought about the candidates performances. Well Nora as you know this is a swing area and of course we've got a range of reactions from our voters who watched this entire debate. I just want to go down the line with all of you and just very quickly tell me who you believe won this debate tonight. We'll start with you Bridget. Definitely Kamala Harris. I would say Kamala Harris. Donald Trump. Trump. Kamala Harris. And tell me why. He spoke fast. She just basically repeated everything that Biden has said in the past. What were your thoughts? Donald Trump made a strong closing statement by saying why didn't they do all the things that she's proposing during the three and a half years that they've been in office and Biden did this entire moderate stance back in 2020 and she's trying to do it again 2024 but she didn't talk about her policy changes between 2020 and 2024. Her whole centrist moderate stance is just a facade. I mean you're someone who said that you support Kamala Harris. How do you respond to that? You know I think that Kamala has a lot of good plans for the future and I think that since she wasn't the one that was mainly in charge you know even though she is vice president there is Congress and there is checks and balances so like she can't do everything I think that with her being more empowered president I think that she would be able to do a better job. Robert I know we started off the evening where you said you're not sure who you may support. Did this debate change your mind in any way? It kind of did make me sway a little bit toward Kamala Harris with the same exact fact that she'd made as well. A lot of the big issues for me were the fact that Kamala is a politician and the debate is a politician's game and I believe that she definitely has a better convincing point for who to vote for. Is there anything you didn't hear tonight that you wanted to hear? Eddie? Well I wanted to hear as I said at the beginning I wanted to hear honest actual policy proposals and I wanted to hear the truth and I got some honest policy proposals but they all came from Kamala Harris. All I heard from Donald Trump was more angry vilification of immigrants, more goofy conspiracy theories about nine-month abortions and eating your neighbor's cat and those aren't policy proposals and I really was looking for something like that. I was kind of hoping that we would address more about our broken immigration system since we really haven't had substantial immigration reforms since the 1980s and even further back to 1960s and a lot of those decisions made in the 1960s and 1980s have caused this immigration problem that we currently have right now and I was kind of hoping that both of them would talk about immigration and how they would fix immigration but while Trump attempted to say that there is a problem with immigration and that those that have come here legally should be deported, she really deflected on immigration and didn't take responsibility or bind responsibility for letting people in illegally. Well sounds like some of you would like to hear more that being said quick show of hands how many of you feel that there should be another debate? All of you. Absolutely. 100%. Absolutely. Well that remains to be seen as you know Nora but certainly a very spirited conversation among these voters as they watch tonight's debate but clearly not all of their answers were not all of their questions were answered tonight so that is why I know that they should hear more. I agree. I think you should pull back up the whole exchange on immigration very early on for that particular voter because I do think there was actually a good exchange on immigration I would politely disagree about why that immigration reform bill was killed and who's responsible and then it was the exchange about that viral video so that's my two cents on this because I thought it was really interesting on the immigration. Nicole Killian and all the voters thank you very much for your time.