 Donald Trump is back here in Butler, Pennsylvania for some unfinished business as his campaign has put it. A rally in the same fairgrounds where there was an assassination attempt in July. He was able to emerge defiantly and continue on in the campaign. Take a look at what happened. Pennsylvania is arguably the largest swing state at play right now. It's certainly a state that Vice President Kamala Harris covets the most and it's a location in which both candidates have spent an enormous amount of resources. This place has certainly become an important symbolic location for Trump supporters around the country. They feel like he was able to face down an assassin's bullet and made him stronger as a candidate. We fought together, we have endured together, we have pushed onward together and right here in Pennsylvania we have bled together. One thing you notice when you get here is just the enhanced security. There are snipers on the tops of roofs. There's a much larger police presence here than I noticed when I was here in July. Also there are just so many more people. We felt like this is probably going to be his most important rally that he does before the election. He was so courageous on that day when he stood up and said that's a fight after he got shot. I mean that meant lots of people. This rally is happening about a month before election day. Supporters here feel like it's something that could really energize his base of supporters. It could really improve his chances and it's all about getting the vote out. The state is going to vote in the coming weeks. They have early vote this time and so there is definitely an effort to register voters here, get them to vote and support President Trump. I was in Butler on the day of the assassination attempt. Exactly 12 weeks ago this evening on this very ground a cold-blooded assassin aimed to silence me and to silence the greatest movement, MAGA, in the history of our country. In some ways this was a very typical Trump rally. In others it was very unique. Trump spent the beginning of his rally talking about the assassination attempt in very somber terms. This field is now a monument to the valor of our first responders, to the resilience of our fellow citizens and to the sacrifice of a loving and devoted father, a really great man. You know that. We heard Trump talk about many of the themes that he's touched on over the years. The need for stronger immigration reforms, some of the economic concerns that he has on trade and inflation and he was very critical obviously of Kamala Harris's policies and what he believes she would bring to the country if she's elected president. The other day I saw her get up and say we will do this, we will do that, we're gonna, why didn't they do it four years ago? Why didn't they do it? The damage is so bad and so it's been done. We did have a special guest come on stage at one point. Trump called on Elon Musk to join him. This was the first time we really had heard from Musk in public on behalf of Trump. This is a must-win situation, must-win. So I have one ask for everyone in the audience, everyone who watches this video, everyone in the live stream. This one request is very important. Register to vote. This is a much different race than what President Trump faced when he was here in July. At the time he had just had his debate with President Biden that had been very successful from the Trump campaign standpoint. Weeks after the assassination attempt President Biden decided not to run for reelection and so as a result Trump now faces Vice President Kamala Harris. Pennsylvania's time to stand up for America and time to save our country. The Harris campaign is heavily focused around Philadelphia and Pittsburgh and the suburbs around those cities. Whereas the Trump campaign is really focused on increasing turnout in rural communities around the state. They feel like that was the key part of his success here in the Keystone State in 2016 and it's something they want to be able to replicate this time. If we win Pennsylvania we will win the whole thing. The whole thing will be won.