 I have some breaking news coming out of Butler, Pennsylvania at the Donald Trump presidential election rally in Butler, Pennsylvania. Former President Donald J. Trump, the 45th President of the United States has been shocked. As of right now, we are gathering more details. He is okay. The shooter looks like came in from behind. We're not sure how they were able to get a weapon in. As of right now, I'm going to go through the details that we have of the event of President Donald Trump being shot. And again, he's okay. I'm just getting information right now, but it does appear that a Biden supporter snuck into the Donald Trump rally with about 50,000 people in Butler, Pennsylvania. The former president has been shocked. Let's jump into the details here. Again, just going over this at the same time you are. As of right now, it looks like Trump is okay. The Secret Service was able to grab him and cover him. And then as soon as they felt that it was clear, they were able to get him and move him to a van. Now in the meantime, Trump got up. He had blood all over his face. And he did a fist pump to let the people know that he was going to be okay. I'm going to share some photos and possibly some videos here. Let me make sure that I'm sharing my screen correctly. If you're just joining me, President Trump, the 45th President of the United States has been shot at a rally. Okay, here we go. You can see here the picture of him. Let me go full screen for you guys. You try and zoom in here just a little bit. Okay, so former President Donald Trump was holding a rally in Butler, Pennsylvania. From what I can tell, there was about 40 or 50,000 people that were there. It looks like while he had his head turned, speaking to a screen, he was in fact shot. It looks like anywhere from eight to 10 bullets were fired. I don't have details on the shooter yet, although I have heard that the shooter is down, that they have the person. This is horrible. This is an absolute travesty. A Biden supporter has broken in to the Trump rally. My gosh, look at him. Just freaking magnanimous. He would not let them take him off stage until he let the people know that he was going to be okay. This is absolute insanity. Let me see what else I can share with you guys. I apologize. I just came in from the swimming pool. My family and I, we drove home as soon as we saw this. The shooting unfolded as Trump addressed supporters at a rally in Butler, Pennsylvania. Frantic scene took hold as shots rang out, sending Trump supporters streaming from the stands and away from the event. My gosh, this would be horrifying. In 10 seconds, Trump was put on the floor by Secret Service and they protected him from the shooter. I've seen the video. I'll try to bring it up here in a second. Trump hears a shot and he looks and then all of a sudden he grabs his ear and he falls to the ground and the Secret Service rushed in. It's saying right now about 10 shots were fired. He then, after being taken to the ground, stood up, pumped his fists, says, USA, Make America Great Again. Here's some of the photos. Look at that. President on the ground bleeding from the back of his head, his ear, it looks like. Wow. Oh my gosh. Look at that. Dude, this guy does not stop fighting for the American people. This is crazy. Let's see here. Okay, Secret Service encircled Trump within seconds of the shots being fired and the agency statement is that the former president is safe. He is safe. Let me go over to Twitter and let's see if we can look at some video together. Can you guys hear me okay? Will you just give a thumbs up or type Y if you can hear me? I know there's 5,600 of you in the room. I would hate for you to not be hearing me. Okay, here we go. I don't know if you can hear this. The crowd is going absolutely bonkers. Oh, there it goes. Yes. Yes. Okay. Yes. Okay. Let's see what else is going on here. Okay. Oh, here's the actual. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh, you're ready. On you. Move. Oh. Oh. Oh. You're ready. Oh. Okay. Okay, they've got the shooter. We're clear! We're clear! Oh my gosh, they got the military in there. I'm gonna get my shoes. I got you sir. I got you sir. Let me get my shoes. Hold that in your head. Oh, it's disoriented. Okay, let's see what's going on. Watch out. There he is. Look at that. Oh my gosh. He's an absolute fearless savage beast. USA. USA. USA. Wow. Unbelievable. Okay, let's just keep watching this. They're covering him. Oh my gosh. You know, everyone I talked to that remembers JFK being assassinated, everybody remembers where they were when the president was taken out. Oh my gosh, look how many military people they have there. Oh, I'm so glad that he is okay. Look at that. Even Elon Musk. Wow. 5.7 million, 5.8 million views in 21 minutes. This is crazy. Rosemary Atardo says, my thoughts exactly, President Trump will not stop fighting for the people of this country. You're absolutely right. Rosemary, unbelievable. How many of you were alive when JFK was taken out? I wasn't born yet, but everyone that I've talked to remembers where they were. Oh my God, I can't handle this. Please tell me he's okay. I can't handle this. Please tell me he's not going to die. He's not going to die. He's okay. Shots fired at the Trump rally. Wow. This is wild. Now is the time for every American who loves our country to step back from the division, renounce all violence and unite in prayer for President Trump and his family. That's from that's from our FK Junior, whose father was also unfortunately assassinated after his uncle, John F. Kennedy Jr. Let's see what others are saying. Trump yells, fight, fight, fight. Let me tell you something. Let me look this up really quickly. I'll come back to that. This makes me sick. Listen to this. No, that's not it. One second. Sorry, everybody. I just saw this. I came in and immediately. Okay. This is from Tony Kneet over on Twitter. He said just five days ago before Donald Trump was shot, Joe Biden told Democrats, put Trump in a bullseye. Put Trump in a bullseye. We are done talking about the debate. It's time for someone to put him in a bullseye. That was five days ago from the sitting president of the United States. If you're just joining us, former President Donald Trump has been shot. He is okay. He is on his way, I believe, to the hospital. That's all I know as of right now. My thoughts and prayers are with him, his family, Melania. It's got to be so scary. It looks like about 10 shots were fired from the crowd. They've got the shooter. I don't have any details on the shooter just yet. Mr. Craig Blais, thank you for the Super Chat. Patrick, just keep up all the good you do, Stephen. Thank you. God bless you and your family. This was provoked by the rhetoric, AOC, Biden, Schiff, Pelosi, Christopher Wray, all of them. Yes. I've been telling you guys, they don't want him jailed. They want him dead. The Deep State is going to do everything they can to take this man out. Let's see. What did somebody say? The shooter is dead. Okay, let me go over to let me go over to Twitter really quick. Apologies. I'm just getting this just as soon as you guys are Trump shooter. You try and share my screen here. Let's let's look at this together. Okay, Trump shooter. Oh, let's see. This might be a video of them grabbing him. One second. Let me open this up to me as you're trying to figure out if you're okay. What's going on? Was he shot? Was he wounded? Then we heard him on the microphone, Shannon, saying, let me grab my shoes as they tried to take them off. So we're just trying to figure out what happened. Okay. Wow. Looks like they knocked him out of his shoes. Okay, this must be. This is from the crowd. They got the guy, Trump footage shooter being dragged out. Oh, oh my gosh. I hope the crowd just turned around and beat the crap out of that guy. How did he even get in there with a weapon? Oh my gosh. Okay, for those of you just joining in Butler, Pennsylvania at a rally of about 50,000 patriotic Trump loving Americans gathered together on a Saturday to hear about the president's agenda. He was turned looking at the jumbo screen when shots were fired. Next thing he grabbed he grabbed the back of his head and falls to the ground. Secret service comes rushing in. See what else let me. This is just footage of them. That looks like that look like someone down right there in a red shirt. Wow. And these Secret Service, they jump right in there while shots are being fired. Oh my gosh. Look at that. Right there. Unbelievable. This guy. Nobody is fighting harder for America than Donald Trump. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know if this is the CIA from everything I'm reading that this is a Trump's, excuse me, a Biden supporter, somehow got in with a firearm 10 shots fired. The president has been struck. He is okay. They will get him. They will get him to the hospital. I'm sure later tonight I'll be on going over more details. Okay, this is this is what I know. This is what I know right now. So if you're just joining us, former President Donald Trump has been shot in the ear or the back of the head. We're not we're not sure yet. Blood streaming down his face. Secret Service. They got the shooter. This is in Butler, Pennsylvania with 50,000 supporters at the Trump rally. I'm going to continue to dig in. And then I will come back on to give you guys more information. I love you. I hate to be the one to share this bad news. I'm so grateful. The president is okay. I don't I don't wish this kind of crap on Biden and his family, even though I believe they are criminals that have taken advantage of the country. The justice needs to be served on them, but not not in the form of a shooter. The last time this happened was President Ronald Reagan, who many have compared Donald Trump to. So anyway, love you guys. Please be safe. God bless. Let's all pray for the Trump family, and I will be back on later with more updates.