 Hello everybody and welcome back to Red Eagle politics. Make sure you guys like this video down below and subscribe to the channel if you are new. So we have a major election update. Donald Trump has taken the lead out of the state of Pennsylvania in the real clear politics polling average. He currently leads in enough states right now to get to 270 electoral votes, which is absolutely huge. He's got the core states that he held in 2020 plus North Carolina so far in his column. He has a lead in Georgia. He has a lead in Arizona. That's not enough to get to 70. He needs a rust belt state. But right here right now Donald Trump officially has taken the lead. We've had a few polls over the past week that have had Donald Trump leading. There's a lot of polls as well that have them tied and we have one outlier from morning compost that so delusionally believes that Harris is a got a similar lead in the state to what Obama had back in 2012. That's not going to happen and we know it but Kamala Harris does have a Pennsylvania problem and we can discuss it and we're going to discuss it at length in this video. But first I have to tell you guys about shop dot ready go politics dot com because the 2024 election is around the corner. Why not get some 2024 election merchandise? We've got the best sellers. We've got the Trump iconic design. The make cat safe again design. The Trump mugshot design. The make America gain again design great for the gym. By the way, also we have the America first design the Rep logo design all of our original designs plus the new designs. My favorite is the Trump iconic black mug. You can get it for 1995 the iconic Trump design on the front the inspirational quote on the back and for a limited time you could buy one get one 20% off all t-shirts tank tops and mugs. We got free shipping on orders over $50 and everything is made in the USA. You guys can check it out. The link is in the description and pin comment down below. But Pennsylvania Kamala Harris. She's got a problem. That's why her campaign's talked about North Carolina doesn't really seem as if that state is going to be going in the left direction this election cycle regardless. We've talked about it and we'll continue to talk about it. And I know I've gotten a lot of questions about how the hurricane is going to impact the election in North Carolina. We'll cross that bridge when we get there. There's a lot. We just don't know but Pennsylvania is a crucial state for Donald Trump and he never led in Pennsylvania back in 2020. He never led down the stretch back in 2016. In fact, Hillary Clinton had like a nine-point lead in October in the state. She lost it. Biden had a seven-point lead in the state in October and you're talking about a one-point game. And my question to people is why do they believe that Donald Trump is incapable of making up 1% ground when he's going up against a candidate that is not all that good of a fit for Pennsylvania? Pennsylvania knew Joe Biden and they knew the old Joe Biden and they were comfortable with the older Joe Biden. The Biden that said I'm the guy from Scranton. I'm Scranton Joe and the guy who had his advertisements being aired for decades upon decades in the Philadelphia media market where Delaware was. It's pretty obvious that Joe Biden had a unique point of strength in Pennsylvania. And if you couple that with COVID and changes to the election system and the BLM stuff and all this, you talk about the key issues in 2020. They favored Biden. Right now, what are the key issues that see economy? It's inflation. It's immigration. Yes, abortion is in there somewhere, but it's not as important of an issue as it was in 2022, which again, you had a lot of gubernatorial races. It's a lot more of a state issue. Donald Trump is somebody who says I don't want to take this issue to the national level. I'm giving it back to the states for people to vote on it. That is fine for Pennsylvania. You're not going to anger and see supercharged turnout based on that issue alone, or you're not going to bleed a lot of independence on that issue alone as things stand today. So when you look at this and you talk about the state, you see Harris in those teamster polls. She's doing abysmally among union voters. Even Harry Enten over at CNN was covering that on CNN yesterday. And it's true. Joe Biden didn't relate to a decent portion of the white working class electorate in Northeastern Pennsylvania. That's not to say that Trump didn't win a lot of those voters or hold a lot of those voters from 2020 because he absolutely did. But still, Biden was able to stop the bleeding. Harris is not really able to stop the bleeding. She's probably going to bleed around 5% support, one could say, conventionally, just based on the current state of affairs in the country. Of course, turnout's important. You got to get high turnout, but, you know, Democrats have their low propensity voters that they really maxed out their turnout in 2020 and probably are going to see a little bit of a dip, whereas Republicans left a little bit more on the table. And in terms of the battle of persuasion, in terms of new voters, seems like with the current state of affairs, you could see Donald Trump make a net gain of around, you know, 5% to 6% with that demographic. And if he does that, he's got a sizable advantage in the state of Pennsylvania. When you look at this, he could very well flip a county like Lackawanna County, which is where Scranton is. He almost won it in 2016. Obviously, Biden, it was his birth county. There's roads named after him there. There's nothing really named after Kamala Harris in that part of Pennsylvania. And that we know. In terms of the White College vote, I think you will see it potentially move left a little bit by a ridiculous amount. No, I think that White College men might move right. Some of these millennial voters might move right as they, you know, age. And in terms of the black turnout, you're probably going to see a dip a little bit. And I think you will see Donald Trump gain. I think you will see him gain a little bit. And I think he's going to gain with Hispanic significantly, especially among Puerto Ricans in the Philadelphia area, Philadelphia City proper in particular. He very well can crack 20% of the vote in Philadelphia. And when you look at the demography of it, you're getting like a Trump plus three if this holds up. And that is something that is viable. And that's in line with a lot of these rumored internals. It's in line with Atlas Intel, one of the most accurate pollsters in 2020. And it's in line with Trafalgar. When you have all these other polls, they're saying tie, tie, tie. We call that poll hurting. A lot of these polls, they're a little afraid to show a lead one way or another. And you talk about the margin of error. If the margin of error is often in Donald Trump benefits at the end of the day because of that, this is a viable result. I'm not even saying it's my prediction, but you live by the swing ometer. You die by the swing ometer when you adjust these demographics, which you could make a case for it. Donald Trump would break 50% in Pennsylvania. He'd have a sizable lead in Pennsylvania. And when it comes down to party registration, yeah, it's true. Republicans are surging and Republicans have been surging for a while. And part of it is because ancestral Democrats are switching their registration to Republican. But still Republicans are continuing and even in some counties like Chester County that have been moving away from the Republicans that have been ancestrally Republican. You saw them gain over the past week. They gained roughly 5,000 on net this week, which is huge. The last time they had a surge that big was the week after the assassination attempt, which is another thing about Pennsylvania. Because Donald Trump, John Federman is right. A lot of people in Pennsylvania, that whole ordeal, he has a special place in the hearts of many Americans. And a lot of them did vote for him twice, but also you talk about him just gaining potential support in a lot of these places. It's very possible. And you could talk about the suburbs of Philadelphia. Those are the counties that you could make a case might move left, maybe Allegheny County as well in the process. But still Chester County close to maxed out Montgomery County in Delaware. These are like close to max. You might see a rebound in Delaware County. Montgomery might move left a little bit. Chester might move left a little bit. Philadelphia City is probably going to move right. And then you have Bucks County where the registration date is moving right off a cliff. Even in this map, it shows Harris would win with this demographic shift. But it's possible Donald Trump could win Bucks. He doesn't have to win it to win the state. But if he does win it, it's going to be very difficult to see him losing the state of Pennsylvania when it's all said and done. But the registration data looks good. And then you have articles sounding the alarm. Catholic skeptical of Kamala Harris. We know she's not going to the Al Smith dinner. We know there's a lot of Catholics in Eastern Pennsylvania, a lot of Polish American voters. You know, Donald Trump was just endorsed by President Duda of Poland. He's their leader. And on top of that, it's a very swingy bellwether demographic. And there's a lot of them. And there's a lot of Irish voters as well where Biden had that point of strength that's been taken away. Kamala Harris doesn't exactly have that point of strength. You take somebody who's familiar to the region, you replace them with a liberal nut job from California who's been on record flip-flopping on something like fracking and, you know, co-sponsored the initial Green New Deal. You're not going to see the same numbers. It's true. They say there's no reason to believe she can approach the numbers Biden was able to get. And that takes into account the past four years of Biden's record, which she's basically tied to with the hip. Even if she wants to distance herself, she's not going to be able to do so effectively. But just also her record, you know, she isn't like this Catholic larper like Biden was who would never let people forget about it. She's skipping the Al Smith dinner and basically said that the Knights of Columbus was a hate group. And that's not exactly something that's all that solid. And what we know is that the demographic of these working-class Catholics, you know, they leaned a little bit more Democrat back in the day. They've moved right. Maybe some of them rebounded in 2020. Harris is not capturing these people and they will determine the outcome of the state and they will determine potentially the outcome of a couple of these House races and possibly the Senate race as well. Because Dave McCormick is running a strong campaign, but also Politico. Politico saying Joe Biden's local ties and cultural roots kept him competitive and culturally conservative. Northeastern Pennsylvania, Harris's prospects are dicier. And you talk about Northeastern Pennsylvania, but also the Lehigh Valley, where there's a surprising number of Hispanics in places like Reading that she's going to continue to struggle with. You talk about the Philly suburbs. She's not going to be able to gain, you know, five, ten points. She might even lose ground in a lot of these suburbs of Philadelphia, depending on the suburb, like the working-class suburbs in Bucks County. Yeah, she will lose ground. Some of these places in Montgomery, she'll hold the margin. She might improve marginally, but it's not going to be enough to offset her point of weakness with a lot of these working-class white voters in the state that somebody in a tumultuous time like Joe Biden, he'd probably be able to get enough of them to hold on. But Kamala Harris, you're probably not going to see it. Democrats can't afford to lose any ground with that demographic. It is a majority of the electorate in the state of Pennsylvania. And when you break that vote down by ethnicity, you're talking about Polish Americans, Irish Americans, you name it. Those are demographics that are a little bit more elastic, a little bit more swingy. And it does seem as if Harris is in a much weaker position than these individuals. And Donald Trump also put a Catholic from the Rust Belt on his ticket as well. And Kamala Harris decided to put somebody who may claim to be from the Rust Belt, even though Minnesota is not really the Rust Belt, but has a track record of a nut job. And everybody knows that, and we'll see how it unfolds on that debate stage tomorrow night. But either way, the Rust Belt, they are hit hard in terms of the economy uniquely. And you have this administration that pretends like the economy is all fine, everything is going well, not really the best look. They also tend to be less prone to supporting, you know, foreign wars and intervention. When you have Kamala Harris going out there and basically saying, no, we need to not end the war in Ukraine, that's not going to appeal to these people, even these Polish Americans who don't like Putin, because they despise war even more. So we'll see how Pennsylvania shakes out. But Kamala Harris has this problem in the state of Pennsylvania. She'll do well in Allegheny County. She'll do well in certain suburbs of Philadelphia. But everywhere else is a very good chance she'll bleed support on net. And in a state that was super close in 2020, and you're not seeing this male in the Philadelphia area at the same rate you saw last time, she's in an uphill climb in the state. And I believe that she could very well lose the state by two to three points when it's all said and done, depending on how things go over the next 35 days. So anyways, guys, thanks for watching this video. Like this video down below. Comment down below. Subscribe to the channel. Hit the bell for notifications so you never miss another video. Follow me on social media. The links are all in the description down below. And I will see you guys in the next one. Red Eagle out.