 With the US presidential elections just around the corner, opinion polls show Republican candidate Donald Trump and Democratic candidate Kamala Harris in a tight race. Both campaigns are concentrating on key swing stages which have historically played a significant role in election outcomes. Pennsylvania is now one of the big ones that could determine which way people could vote and of course that determining who sits in the Oval Office. We're joined by Daniel Malinson, he is Professor of Public Policy at Pennsylvania State University. Thanks Daniel for joining us here today on US Election Watch. Daniel, Pennsylvania is one of the seven of those toss-up states in this year's election. As we know in the US elections, it's all about that electoral college vote and amongst the seven swing states, none has more of those electoral votes than Pennsylvania. So that's really, really important. Give us a sense of how the state has voted in the past flipping from between red and blue. Sure, yeah, thanks for having me. So Pennsylvania as was noted on the chyron there, voted for Democratic candidates for president for about two decades. And then that flipped in 2016 when former President Trump won the state and won the White House. It flipped back to President Biden in 2020 and now it's up for grabs again. In both of those last two races, the state was won by those candidates by only a few tens of thousands of votes. So it's about a half a percentage point win for Trump in 2016 and a one percentage point win for Biden in 2020. So it's been very close. All right, now a poll this week by a bipartisan group found that Harris's lead over Trump is 49 percent to Trump's 47 percent. Three percent of voters are still undecided. Now with less than a month from election day, what is it that's keeping these undecided voters from knowing for sure, yes, I'm going to vote for Harris or yes, I'm going to vote for Trump? Yeah, it's a good question. So there's actually some there's some interesting breakdown within those undecided voters. There's a very slim number of truly undecided voters and they're they're very kind of diverse group, like understanding exactly what they're what's holding them back is challenging. It's something that there's been a lot of interviews in the media here with undecided voters and they all sort of have different issues that that they're concerned about or going back and forth between the candidates on. But there's actually also some of those undecided voters are artisans. So they're they have voted in the past either Republican or Democrat. And if you look within Democrats, there's very little undecided in this left. Right. And you see Harris at 49 percent. There's actually still a bit of undecidedness among leading Republicans. So those Republicans that don't love Trump. But are if the past is is what we would expect in this case, they will probably end up voting for him in the end. So the show the margin again is much closer than that. That three percent. Daniel like another swing states like Pennsylvania and Michigan, Indian Americans have really been growing in numbers now. Indians are the largest Asian American ethnic group in Pennsylvania. What are some of the concerns for the this Indian American community in Pennsylvania going into the election? Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, the concerns are very similar to to other voters. The economy is a top concern. The inflation in the past few few years has really been affecting Americans quite a bit. And you see that in this race in terms of that is the top concern that voters have recorded. Indian Americans, though, have also in polling shown to be very concerned about the war in Gaza and are very critical of of the Biden administration and Israel and the conduct of the war in Gaza. So that is something that has been shown to be a particular interest within that community. But it is a very diverse community. There's there's about 50 percent are Democrats, about 25 percent are Republicans, and then 25 percent are independent, at least here in Pennsylvania. And so you have folks that are business owners and are more attracted to Trump. You have others that are a little more maybe a little more social liberal, the Harris. Sure. Thanks very much indeed. That was Daniel Mallinson with the with Pennsylvania State University joining us here on NDTV US Election Watch.