 Here are the exact figures. Harris 51 in Pennsylvania to Trump's 45. Jill Stein, yes, the third party, that is a factor here, gets 1%. In Michigan, Harris 50, Trump 45. Then of course in Wisconsin, they're effectively tied Harris 48, 47. But that margin in Pennsylvania, Joe, might be giving them some cause to worry in the Trump campaign. Yep, that's absolutely right. And just for the sake of disclosure, we're talking about a poll here, specifically in Pennsylvania, a sample size of a bit more than 1,300 people, a margin of error, 2.7 percentage points, smaller than the rest. So this is a pretty good number that we have here in Pennsylvania. It's where we start our conversation with Laura Davis and of course helping to lead our political coverage and our campaign coverage here in Washington, D.C. Laura, it's great to see you. The top line numbers, the horse race numbers, look pretty good for Kamala Harris, but specifically on the economy, a remarkable turn here to find her essentially tied, certainly within the margin, with Donald Trump on the issue that will likely, for most voters, decide this election. How did we get here so fast? This is a really remarkable turnaround from where Biden was. He was trailing Trump in many cases by wide margins on the economy. Voters said they trusted him, trusted Trump on taxes, on housing, on all these issues. And since in the past, you know, six, seven weeks, we've seen Harris put out different policies on tax increases for the wealthy as well as taxes for families, tax cuts for families, you know, she said in a speech this week that she wants to cap childcare costs at 7% household income. That would be a major decrease in what many households are paying on childcare. You're starting to see voters warm up to her on her economic vision. Well, so when we consider the contrasting economic visions here and frankly where the candidates have been, Harris made that comment on childcare in Philadelphia with the NABJ, one of the swing states, one of the key states we're talking about here. Donald Trump, meantime, is going to Long Island this evening to talk about the salt cap, something that according to the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, actually 92% of the benefits of that go to the top 10% of earners in states like New York and California, not these states that we're talking about, Laura. However, the salt cap is a big issue in New York, New Jersey, California, house districts that matter. So that's why you see him going there. This is not going to win him any votes and in fact could potentially cost him some votes in some of these swing states where they say, look, why should we be spending money on, more state and local tax deductions for people who live on the coast when I'm living in Nevada or Pennsylvania or Michigan and I need to see my household budget get more relief. But this is also something that is important to Trump. Personally, one, he does benefit, would benefit from a salt cap increase. Two, he has long held this dream of winning New York that is highly, highly, highly unlikely. Harris is up double digits in that state, although we should point out here, he is the one that put the salt cap into place in the first place in 27. Does he need to explain that he's looking to restore a deduction that he caps, correct? That is exactly true. So what's his? Politics, essentially. In 2017, when he imposed this cap, this was one of the revenue raisers they had to offset the big tax cut bill. And that's why you saw a bunch of New York Republicans vote against the bill at the time. As recently as 2019, Trump had said, oh, well, maybe we'll reverse that, realizing that the politics around this had been quite heightened. You had Chuck Schumer come out in Congress yesterday and say, look, Trump imposed this, now he wants to repeal it, give me a break. Yeah, well, although Chuck Schumer would probably be very glad to see this happen. He told our colleague, Emory Herdern, on the floor of the convention in Chicago just weeks ago that this would be a priority from him if he stays majority leader. As we consider it, what Joe was talking about, this notion that we're seeing changes in the way voters feel about the economy or how the economy would fare under these candidates and Harris more favorably. To what extent do we think that is because they're talking about either subsidies or tax breaks, lower taxes versus talking about, this is realistically what the cost it's going to come from longer term when we consider our debt and deficit. When you look across the board and we did some polling, in our Bloomberg poll, looking at all of the expanded child tax credits, the down payment assistance, all of these different policies, they are widely popular no matter which candidate they're coming from. 70, 75% of people support this. And this is what you hear on the campaign trail of, look, here are these tax credits, here's this tax relief that's going to come to you. Not at all if here's how we're going to balance the budget to reduce the deficit. The reality is, is probably neither of these candidates are going to do a lot to bring down the deficit. Trump has sort of ignored this as an issue. Democrats and Harris are still saying, look, we're going to pay for some of this new spending with tax increases on the wealthy and corporations, but not doing a lot to bring down overall spending.