 There's a really good article in Slate by Jeremy Stahl called the total humiliation of Dr. Oz and Trump in Pennsylvania. And there's a couple of different perspectives about what took place in Pennsylvania. But a great starting point is this article by Jeremy Stahl. And Jeremy Stahl points out, most importantly, Federman beat New Jersey based crudite loving TV celebrity Dr. Mehmet Oz. And Stahl correctly points out it wasn't a guarantee. Federman ran several points behind the winning Democratic gubernatorial candidate Josh Shapiro. It's easy to imagine that a strong Republican candidate could have beaten Federman in a race that may well determine control in the Senate. Indeed, Republicans had a real opportunity to select that strong challenger, specifically the relatively moderate hedge fund manager and former Treasury Department official David McCormick, who finished second in the Republican primary by just 951 votes. Stahl makes the case and I believe he's right that were it not for Trump's endorsement of Oz, McCormick would have won the primary. And it is completely plausible that if McCormick wins the primary, he defeats Federman. It quite literally if the Senate ends up 50 50 in favor of Democrats because of Kamala Harris is the tiebreaking vote, you could accurately blame Trump for losing Republicans, the Senate, by jumping in and endorsing Oz rather than McCormick or staying out of it altogether. A couple of different things here. One of the aspects to this race that got very ugly was essentially the stroke shaming that took place by many Republicans after John Federman suffered a stroke months ago and struggling with auditory processing, not cognitively, but struggling with auditory auditory processing. The Oz campaign put out some ads ridiculing Federman's health, although Oz personally said it wasn't me doing that, but it was still attached to the campaign at the debate. Even some of my viewers, never mind the Republicans, were kind of making fun of Federman for the way that he was speaking. And one of the crazy things is, you know, they were out there calling him and I apologize for these terms. They were saying he he's he's a retard. People were saying he based on how he's speaking, he's a retard. He's brain damaged, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. He won. OK, at some point when it came to Trump lost to Biden, who was in his basement, that's not believable. The flip side of it is how humiliating is it that Trump lost to a guy who didn't leave his basement? Right. Like if if anyone concedes that that's what Biden did, it makes it all the more embarrassing that Trump lost to that guy. Now, of course, they say he didn't really lose. It was fraud. Put that aside for a moment for all their criticisms of Federman, which include just making fun of the guy for a medical problem that he had. And it make it all the more embarrassing to Oz that he couldn't beat the guy that they describe as a mentally retarded person. It should really make them think, wow, these candidates are terrible. Now, they may ultimately start claiming fraud and some of them are anecdotally or whatever the case may be. But crudite did not take Oz to victory. And to me, the really scary thing is that Oz didn't lose by more. When you look at what happened in Florida, DeSantis won by 19. That is brutal. The polling had DeSantis up like 11, which would be bad enough. And ultimately, DeSantis lost by like 19. And that is signaling the strength of the DeSantis wing of the party. On the other hand, Oz lost. He didn't even lose by that much. And he should be glad about that. But Pennsylvania rapidly becoming the biggest humiliation for Trump and Republicans. And we're going to talk about the endorsement record a little bit later. Just remember, endorsing incumbents and Republican nominees in red districts is not a difficult way to run up your score for endorsements when you have actual tough races where the primary winner might actually affect who wins. In the case of McCormick versus versus Oz, it almost certainly did. Trump's record is a disaster. And this is why Rupert Murdoch and some others are pulling the ripcord and trying to get the hell out of here. Make sure that you are subscribed to The David Pakman Show on YouTube or that you've liked our Facebook page or that you're following us on Twitch. That's where all of the streams will take place. The upcoming stream in support of Raphael Warnock will be on those three platforms. The Trump announcement next Tuesday will be on those platforms. Election results on December 6 will be streaming on those platforms. Make sure you're following, subscribe to whatever it is all completely free.