 Moderate voters in Pennsylvania don't really want to vote Kamala, although they don't like Donald Trump that much either. So who wins, who loses? Let's talk about it. How's everybody doing? My name is Anthony Bryan Logan. And today, we got to talk about CNN interviewing and profiling a group of people in Pennsylvania who are kind of moderate, maybe center leftist, maybe center, right. Many of them don't want to vote Trump for whatever the reason may be. Maybe they think orange man bad. Maybe they think he's a bad person, philandering, whatever. I don't know what the reason is, but a lot of them don't want to vote Trump. However, a lot of them don't want to vote Kamala either. They don't like her. They think she is too extreme. Now this is of no surprise because I've been following Kamala and her national political aspirations for a while. Now, ever since she started this back in 2020, when she ran for president the first time, if you guys didn't know, yes, she has already run for president and it didn't go well at all. She dropped out in 2019 December, well before primaries and everything got kicked off. She was not popular. People didn't like her. Her prior track record was alarming as a senator and attorney general in California. Nobody liked her. She was polling. So poorly she was behind Pete, booty gig, Amy Klobuchar, all these randos on a democratic side. She pulled behind, but now all of a sudden everybody likes her and she's bringing new energy into the party. Please be serious. Let's stop playing. Nobody likes this woman. Any kind of energy you see is false. And I think that's created by the political class in the media, which am I humble opinion or one and the same number far go any further. Let's get to the actual news clip here. Of course, I will link to this in the box and if you're a 90 visit a link in the bio, go to the corresponding article on the website. If you want to see it in full without my commentary, but without further ado, let's go ahead and roll it. Bucks County, Pennsylvania discovered bridge, a local treasure. Michael Pacey often stops along the trail here to fish and to think not a great time to be a Reagan Republican. Pacey supported Nikki Haley but won't vote for Donald Trump. A Reagan Republican voted for Nikki Haley. Okay. I see what kind of stuff you're on Nikki Haley. Ain't nothing but Dick Cheney in a pantsuit. Ever. And he sees Kamala Harris as more liberal than he would like. I have doubts about her. She's going to be tied to the Biden record regardless of what she says or what she does. Does it impact your calculation for what you do? No, doesn't change anything at all. I still not going to vote for Trump regardless. So who are you going to vote for? Oh, I'm not excited about voting for Kamala Harris, but it's better than the alternative. So you just going to go do it. You're going to vote. You call yourself a Reagan Republican and you vote for Kamala Harris, who is the exact opposite of all things conservative. That's crazy. You may as well, you might as well just don't, don't even vote. You might as well write your own name in, sir, rather than voting for Kamala. I have a hard time believing you are a Reagan Republican. I got a very hard time believing that, but I could be wrong. Let's keep on going. Every vote counts though. Enthusiastic or not. Big margins in the suburbs that surround Philadelphia are critical for Democrats. Bucks is more blue collar and of late, the most competitive of the collar counties. If I were here the day after the debate and I asked you, you think Biden could win Pennsylvania, you would have said no way. There would have been no way. You think Harris can win Pennsylvania? I think she can. I think she can. I think the energy she's brought to the campaign, the fact that she's a woman and women's rights are, are going to be a big deal here in Pennsylvania. And I think that's kind of where Pennsylvania will go. Let's pause here for a second. Now, Kamala may have had a better chance at winning Pennsylvania. If she was able to select Pennsylvania's governor as surrender mate, Josh Shapiro, but there was a little bit of a problem because the Democrats have an issue with anti-Semitism in the party. So if she was to nominate him to be the VP, that would probably hurt her more nationally, even if it would give her a bit of a boost in Pennsylvania, which is probably why they selected the Kami teacher, quote unquote, from Minnesota by way of Nebraska and Tim Walts. But let's continue. Berks County is more rural and more Trumpy just outside the suburban collar, but margins matter everywhere in the battlegrounds. Joan London is an attorney for local governments. Bloomb farm zoning permit status. We had a meeting this morning, very productive meeting. London cast a primary vote for Haley, then switched her registration to independent. She worries about Trump's course tone and what she sees as angry populism. A new worry since our last visit in May, Trump running mate, JD Vance. No cats, but married and childless. Now, even more proud she left the GOP. I've led a very full life that way. And to say I don't have a stake in the future of the country, I had, I had some difficulty with that. And all I could think of Senator Vance, are you going to tell Ann colder or Condoleezza Rice or Elizabeth Dolt, they're miserable cat ladies. Now people get so offended, you know, this thing right here, this is the reason why politicians behave the way they behave. Politicians will tell you anything you want to hear. They will lie to you with a smile on their face, shaking hands, kissing your babies until you were both faced lie because why lies make you feel good when someone's inauthentic, as long as they're able to appeal to you and how you feel as all that matters, her decision right now or her validation behind leaving the GOP is purely based on the emotion, not about actual policy that'll help her life go forward. One guy says, I think that it makes you feel upset. You're going to base your decision on that. Even if that guy has a better overall plan for you, which make your life better. See, I don't operate like that. I operate on who has the best plan, who has the best policies. I don't care what they say. I don't care anything about just feelings. Who's the best person for me? How can I make the most money? It's gotta be somebody in there. I don't want this person who's going to completely ruin the country to be there because they say things that make me feel good, but I digress. I don't, I don't think so. London plans to write in a conservative, but she leaves the Harris window open just a crack. If Donald Trump or JD Vance really says something so outrageously offensive, that could drive me to vote for vice president Harris, but it's, it's highly unlikely. She just doesn't, she doesn't represent my values, my beliefs about policy. Media is in Delaware County. Cynthia Sabatini knows a lot about the change here. My street was rock ribbed Republican. Now you have to shake a stick to find a Republican. Sabatini is also never Trump. And I watch his campaign rallies. It's all about him. It's not about the country. This is now the third campaign in which these never Trump voters hold significant sway. In 2016, Sabatini wrote in a Republican Senator, Trump narrowly won Pennsylvania. In 2020, she voted for Biden. Was that hard? No. What I see right here is a rich white liberal. That's all, that's all I see. That's all I see. Look at her. She's looking very fancy with the hoop earrings. I know what I'm looking at right here. This ain't nothing but a white liberal. And that's fine, but let's just call it what it is. Because I don't want to see Trump elected after the chaos of the prior four years. Sabatini, the chaos of what? These like the biting years. I don't understand the Trump years was chaos. All right. He says she's read things that worry her about Harris, about immigration policy and about being tough on her staff. Probably another right in this November, but the 2016 result still stinks. I'm trying to keep an open mind about Harris. If the rap on her as I read is correct. Bella Kinwood is in Montgomery County. It was very Republican and I was growing up in this Democrat now. Kelly Carty is an attorney, a registered Republican. She's angry that Trump constantly attacks courts and judges and election results. Let's pause right here. Now just because you are registered as a Republican means nothing. You could do that and be a stone cold stomp down liberal in your heart. You may register that way to protest vote in the primary election. Cause you guys know the way it works and you vote in the primary. You vote for whoever you want to run from that party. So you could be an infiltrator and say, Hey, I'm a Republican. I'm going to vote for the guy who I want to succeed from this side, who has the least chance of being able to defeat the Democrat, whoever the Democrat is. So it could be a strategic vote. You may change your mind having that affiliation on your official documents means nothing. And you don't do that in every state. While living Tennessee, you just registered to vote. You don't align with the political party at all during registration. All you do when you go vote is they'll ask you, do you want a Democratic ballot or Republican win? You selected at that point, but not prior. But anyway, let's keep on moving. I'm now turning on 80 songs to go back to the eighties. In my lifetime, the Republican party has changed with Donald Trump. Clinton 2016, Biden 2020, a never Trumper, she thought, but inflation and immigration soured her on Biden. And then she watched the June debate. When Biden was on the ticket, I was going to vote for Trump. But now it's, it's a harder call just because I am not a fan of Donald Trump. Nor now. But look though, I mean, Kamala or Biden is the same thing. They're not going to run the country. The same people will be behind the scenes running the country because Kamala is incompetent. Kamala don't know. Kamala is a general idiot, like worse than the normie mouth breather. Somebody who should not be in this position, regardless of what color she is of what gender she is. It doesn't, it doesn't really matter. Now Biden is also a moron, but that's been worsened by his declining mental state because of his advanced age. But regardless of what either person would not be running the country, it'd be the staff behind them. And in either case, it'd be the same exact people that are the staff behind Kamala and Biden. Of Senator Vance. I'm not a cat lady. I was a childless dog lady because I didn't, I didn't meet the right person to tell us over 40 years old. So I could very well be one of those childless women. And I found the comment insensitive and narrow minded. This is near Cardi's summer home on Maryland's Eastern shore. She says the conversations back home among her Philly suburban mom friends are crystal clear. Definitely. I have. So you got a home in the Philly suburbs and you got a home on the Eastern shore. Like you probably be out there with Joe Biden over Hebra beach and Delaware, which is right there. All right. Y'all probably be vacationing together. So what's up with all these rich people giving their opinions about things. I mean, you look, you can have the opinion of rich folks and that's fine, but we all know how people that got money, we know like a lot of your white liberals, we got money. They're going to vote Democrat. They may say I'm a Reagan Republican is BS. They're going to vote Democrat. A lot of that is fueled by guilt because they have all this money and resources in the community in the inner city, Philadelphia, Dutton. So they feel like they're doing a good thing by voting that way. They feel like they are defending a little guy by trying to say that JD Vance is somehow a bad person because of the whole cat lady comment. Okay. It's, it's self-righteous. It's self anger and dasmine as the leader of people as I'm the, I'm the virtuous one. I'm the best one. So I got to be the arbiter of morality. I hate that kind of mentality, but as I close, I want to say this, shout out to all the rich white liberals in Pennsylvania. It wasn't really a surprise. I never going to vote. I mean, everybody knows that it doesn't take a rocket scientist. If I say, Hey, let's go to some rich area in California, let's go to Calabasas or something like this. All right. How are you going to vote? Are they going to be, is it going to be a Trump country? Is it going to be Maga Republicans? Just like Juicy Smee talking about, uh, these two quite retinics, it's Maga country in Chicago, in the polar vortex for real. Let's, let's be serious. Don't tell me something that I cannot believe at all. And I think I'll leave that right there for now. And what say you, what's your take on these moderates in Pennsylvania who are never Trumpers or pro-Kamala kind of in the middle, whatever your thoughts are. Let me know in the comments below, you guys know where I'm at. There was no question about who these people were going to vote for. If you have a summer home, uh, in Delaware and another house in the suburbs of Pennsylvania, I mean, come on. It is, you, you, you're not really going to be too much in the center. Either you're going to be over there, over there. And a lot of times in this particular part of the world, you're going to be over there on the left. It is what it is. But whatever your thoughts are, please let me know in the comments below. And that is all I got to say for this video. If you like what you heard, please comment, rate, share, and subscribe. Peace.