 Our buddy Sean Parnell is back in the mix, everybody. He is the host of the Battleground Live podcast, which is on the Clay Enbuck network. Go subscribe to the Clay Travis Enbuck section show network today. Look for Battleground Live. My man Sean Parnell, also a bestselling author and a combat veteran of Afghanistan. Sean, let's let's start with that. We want to talk to you Pennsylvania politics, too. Obviously, you know, as a born and raised Pennsylvanian and a guy who still lives out west there, you know the politics there very well. We'll get to that in a moment. First, though, Kamala Harris's team attacking Trump for going with Gold Star families to Arlington at their request. What do you make of this? Oh, it's a terrible, terrible thing that she did and a huge mistake. And I heard Clay talking in the lead in about it being just indicative of her campaign not being ready for prime time. But I also think it speaks to the fact that that this isn't your grandfather's Democrat Party. The modern day Democrat Party seems wholly untethered from what it means to serve. And I have to tell you, as someone who served in combat, who lost soldiers, who's written letters home to families of the fallen and then was lucky to make it back from combat after 485 days, was wounded a couple of times in Afghanistan. It was my job as the rear detachment commander and primarily my responsibilities, Clay and Buck, were to notify families of the fallen and be casualty assistance. So I have to tell you, it is absolutely stunning to me that Kamala Harris, who's running to be this country's commander in chief, has not spoken to these 13 families of the fall, these 13 Gold Star families. It is simply incomprehensible to me, ultimately a dereliction of duty, because the title commander predisposed as chief. Her first responsibility in the job title is to these families. And she's wholly ignored them, but not just ignored them now. She's taken it a step farther and is attacking someone who's not commander in chief for showing up to support them. Absolutely unbelievable to me. That's what stood out to me, Sean, was it felt like incompetence to try and make this an issue after the way we withdrew from Afghanistan. If I were advising Kamala Harris on her campaign, I would have said, OK, let's just pretend this never happened. Right. I'm talking about if I were trying to advise her and let's go talk about abortion more. I mean, honestly. And and so to decide that you're like, who is the person that is going to be persuaded and was like, you know, I wasn't really sure whether I was a Kamala or a Trump person. And then Kamala made the way that the Gold Star families were treated at Arlington across the river from where I'm sitting in Washington, D.C., right now. And now I'm on Kamala's team. If anything, all it does is strengthen Trump. And it's an issue for him that is very strong. It feels very incompetent to me. And again, he's he's these 13 soldiers were killed because of Biden and Harris's competence. You know, they were the number one, number two, Kamala brags about being the last person in the room when that decision was made. And Trump was Trump shows up. And just to be clear, having gone to these and presented American flags to families of the fallen, I'll tell you that quite personally, it is very it's a very, very difficult thing to attend. You know, in many ways, as a leader, you're scared to go. You know, it's emotionally draining, right? I mean, you do. It's not some lighthearted thing. Yes. And the fact that Trump shows up just it's he's leading by example on on every single front and he's showing up when he knows it's going to be emotionally taxing and difficult. But it's also the right thing to do in his first and foremost job as commander in chief. Speaking to Sean Parnell, combat veteran host of the Battleground Live podcast on the Clay and Buck Network. Sean, let's talk Pennsylvania for a moment here. Kamala has just been there. Clay had a statistician on last week who was saying that basically so go with Pennsylvania, so go with the race. What can you tell us from a ground up view of how things are looking there, not only just for the presidential contest, which is obviously top of mind, but got a very important Senate race going on between Dave McCormick and Bob was Bob Casey, right? I got to remember. Yes. Names. What can you tell us about how about the state of play? Oh, listen, I'm telling you, Pennsylvania, and I want to be clear for people who are listening, it is never been more favorable for Republicans. I mean, look at the difference between 2016, where Democrats had a 916,000 person voter registration advantage, 916,000 more registered Dems than Republicans. And today that's only 350,000. And here's what's really important. As of today, the Democrats are short like 15 percent in their vote by mail totals, comparing with 2020. They they have banked one hundred and thirty two thousand votes less than they did in 2020 at this same time. And Democrats strategists dismiss it away. They say, oh, but covid. But that's not the whole story because Democrats absolutely positively need that floor in 2020 of those mail in ballots in order for when they barely won with the floor as it was in 2020. And there are one hundred and thirty two thousand votes down as of today. And the clock is ticking. And the reality is with vote by mail is that you just need time to track, find out and get those ballots in. And they're running out of time. Whereas Republicans are banking mail in votes at a rate that's not been seen before going back to the inception of mail in voting in Pennsylvania, which was in October of 2019. And so Trump is performing not only better like with mail in votes than than than ever before, but he's also doing extraordinarily well with pro-life pro-gun Democrats, working class union Democrats. They're going to help get him across the goal line. And I think that the Trump McCormick ticket you asked about David McCormick and Bob Casey, there are so many synergies between the Trump to me ticket in 16 and the Trump McCormick ticket. They both won. They're vastly different in almost every all. They're very, very different. And McCormick and Trump are on the same page or campaigning together. But they they have a lot of synergy at the top of the ticket where Trump appeals to that working class, middle class union Democrat. Dave McCormick, perhaps, appeals more to suburban voters. The two of them at the top of the ticket. It's very formidable. I think Republicans have a better shot at taking Pennsylvania during this election cycle than at any other election cycle during the last 20 years. OK, Sean, for people out there who are listening to us in Pennsylvania and also for those who are just paying attention on the national level, when does voting start? Because I think it's like in 10 or 15 days in Pennsylvania, it's all day, day, day, election. But I want how many days? Twelve. Twelve. Early voting. All right. So you and then the second part of this is we want and I think this is important. We talked about it earlier. We want you to go vote because of something you just said on the back end there. I didn't realize this. This is something I had to learn after 2022. When you get voted, when you're a Republican out there and your vote is taken, they can take you off the list and they don't need to spend get out the vote resources on you anymore. They are allowed then to focus on other people. So if you are a diehard Trump person or McCormick person listening to us right now, you should go vote as early as you possibly can so that all the resources can go to people who need to be motivated and or assisted to get out the vote. But I want you to lay that out for people in particular to understand that in Pennsylvania. Yeah, I mean, just imagine all 67 counties in Pennsylvania and every voter on an Excel spreadsheet. Once we get a vote banked, in other words, you vote by mail, we bank your vote. We check your name off the list and, you know, we just take all the money that we have and we focus it on people who haven't banked their vote. So this has a cascading effect. And the more people that bank their vote, the more surgical we can use our resources to direct people, low propensity voters on election day to get out. And if you're uncomfortable with mail and voting, I get it. But we have to adapt our strategy and fight with the political rules on the battlefield as they are today. We can only change this these elections if we win. OK, and so Republicans, they banking their vote is absolutely critical. And if you're uncomfortable with it, you can still show up on election day and cast a provisional ballot. So you vote by mail, bank your vote. You can still show up on election day, a cast a provisional ballot if you're uncomfortable. It's totally fine. But we've got to fight like the Democrats do in order to win. And we're doing that this cycle. So, you know, get in the fight with us, get in the trenches with us, you know, bank your vote. If we win this state, the Keystone State is the key to everything. We win the state of Pennsylvania. It's a heck of a lot more likely that Republicans also win Wisconsin and Michigan as well. And that Pennsylvania is the key. So we've got to laser in and focus on it. All right. What are you seeing, Sean, in terms of the the ad spend on television? I know this is like a very basic meat and potatoes kind of a thing. But are they just inundating the airwaves with lies about Trump or is that is the is the Trump campaign, the RNC? Are they fighting fire with fire? I'm just wondering about, you know, how the how the media battle is going. Pennsylvania is tough for a lot of reasons because it's ideologically diverse. But there are also five media markets. You have Erie, you have Pittsburgh, you have Harrisburg, you have you have you have Philadelphia, you have Scranton. So it's very, very expensive. But the airwaves right now are completely inundated with political ads. But the remarkable thing is that all told, the total sum of Democrat and Republican spending in Pennsylvania is pretty darn near even. And that is an unbelievable thing because the Democrats almost always, always, always outspend Republicans by three to one margin. And so the fact that the spending in Pennsylvania shows you it shows you that one, Pennsylvania is everything. I mean, without Pennsylvania, I don't see how Kamala has a path at all. But to add spending is just outrageously expensive here. And so it's going to be an unbelievable thing to see. Sprint to the finish here in this state to be sure. But it's a very, very important state. I think everybody knows it. Sean Parnell, you now have a new quarterback for your Pittsburgh Steelers. Good luck with Russell Wilson. I want to mention this. What do you think of Russell Wilson, by the way? I've seen him play like three downs. He hardly played at all on three seasons. And this is why I hedged on the original question. But look, we will see I'm optimistic. But what I do know is that my fantasy football league, the MAGA Warrior Fantasy Football League and my team, the Impeachables, we are we are tracking for a number one. We are going to be number one this year. And I can speak to that with with absolute certainty. I wanted to mention this because I Pennsylvania is going to matter so much. I am going to be and you may well be there to Sean, because I know you spoke and did so fabulously well at one of the most recent Trump rallies. I'm going to be with Senate candidate Dave McCormick on November the second, which is the final Saturday before Election Day surrounding the Ohio State Penn State game. That game is being played that Saturday. I'm going to be up in the state of Pennsylvania doing my best to help mobilize people. So that's on the calendar now for November 2nd. And hopefully by that point, the Pittsburgh Steelers have finally found a quarterback. Hopefully. And let's get in the top 25. You know, I'm a Penn State, of course, but I'm a pit fan through and through. Can we please crack the top 25 and stay there this year? I didn't even know Pitts on a football team. All right, that's fun. You are doing the Lord's work. Keep us updated. We're going to have you on a lot. And we want people to make sure if they enjoy this and I know they do your podcast getting downloaded like crazy as part of the clay and Buck podcast network. Congrats on all the success there. Yeah, thank you so much, Clay Buck and everybody else at you know, premier and I heart for the opportunity. It's a blessing to be a small part of the network. So thank you both. Go listen to Battleground Live, everybody. Sean Parnell on the Clay and Buck Network. Check out the I Heart app wherever you listen to your podcast. Sean, thanks so much. Thanks, guys.