 And here in the United States, former President Donald Trump held two major rallies in the key battleground states of Pennsylvania and Wisconsin over the weekend. Meanwhile, Vice President Kamala Harris leads Trump across nationwide polls. The Democrat has also a slight lead in four of the seven swing states. Experts, in fact, are predicting that an October surprise could be around the corner, which could change the course of this election. We'll bring you more on the race for the White House. It was a packed weekend for Donald Trump. The former U.S. president was busy on his campaign trail. The first stop was in Butler, Pennsylvania. Trump revisited the town where he survived his first assassination attempt, which was on the 13th of July. Standing behind a bulletproof glass, Trump received a roaring welcome. As I was saying, I want to just let you know that tonight I returned to Butler in the aftermath of tragedy and heartache to deliver a simple message to the people of Pennsylvania and to the people of America. Our movement to make America great again stands stronger, prouder, more united, more determined and nearer to victory than ever before. We're going to make America great again. We're going to win the election. He's a great gentleman. He's done such an unbelievable job for North Carolina, for Georgia, for Alabama, for Florida, for Tennessee. His name is Elon Musk. Joining Trump on stage was billionaire Elon Musk. And the Tesla CEO immediately took a pot shot at current U.S. President Joe Biden. Hi, everyone. As you can see, I'm not just MAGA, I'm Dark MAGA. Well, first of all, I want to say what an honor it is to be here. And, you know, the true test of someone's character is how they behave under fire. And we had one president who couldn't climb a flight of stairs and another who was fist-pumping after getting shot. Fight, fight, fight! Blood coming down the face. Now, America is the home of the brave. And there's no true test and courage under fire. So who do you want representing America? Yeah, absolutely. Speaking to the crowd at Butler, Elon Musk said that only Donald Trump could save democracy in America. President Trump must win to preserve the Constitution. He must win to preserve democracy in America. This is a must-win situation. Must win. Donald Trump's campaign also shared aerial footage from Butler showing thousands of attendees. Squashing claims made by rival Kamala Harris that Donald Trump's rallies don't have big numbers. After addressing the crowds in Pennsylvania, Donald Trump rallied in the battleground state of Wisconsin, where the Republicans said that the state needed liberation from the Democrats. Today I make you this promise. I will liberate Wisconsin and our entire nation from this mass migration invasion of murderers, child predators, drug dealers, gang members and thugs. It will be liberated. It will liberate. Meanwhile, Kamala Harris and her running mate Tim Walz have begun a week-long media blitz where they will be interacting with media organizations and social media influencers across the country. November 5th is less than a month away. More than 1.4 million Americans have already cast their ballot in early voting. However, opinion polls show no clear winner yet. Nationally, Kamala Harris has a slight lead over Donald Trump. The Democrat is averaging at about 49.7%, while her Republican rival is at about 46.3%. However, the real contest is in the battleground states where Harris and Trump are in a tight contest. Out of the seven swing states, Harris leads in Pennsylvania, Nevada, Michigan and Wisconsin. Meanwhile, Trump has a lead in North Carolina, Georgia and Arizona. However, the margins of lead for both the candidates remain small and could change as we get closer to election day. Both Harris and Trump are trying to sway as many undecided voters as they can. However, recent events have forced the Democrats to lose out on some of their voter base. The biggest blow comes from the handling of the Middle East crisis by President Joe Biden's administration. We are trying to abandon Harris, punish Harris, Biden administration and Harris administration. So we definitely don't want Harris in the White House and we want to take the blame when they lose. So they both are the same and I am certainly not voting for any of them at all. And many people in actually in Dearborn and in Michigan said that they will not vote for them. They will hold their vote for something else. Political watchers are now waiting for the much-touted October surprise, which could potentially tip the balance in the favor of either Trump or Harris drastically. First Post decodes the US election, explains how America chooses its president. You are primer on the race to the White House. Everything you need to know about how America votes and its global implications. US election explained. Every Monday and Thursday only on First Post. You are primer on the race to the White House.