 There are people increasingly writing to me and they are mad at me. Why are they mad? Yes, some of them are mad about my hair. Yes, some of them are mad about my clothes. Yes, some of them are mad about how far apart my eyes are. But those aren't the people I'm talking about today. I'm hearing from people who are mad at me because they say I'm not being optimistic enough about Kamala's chances. I am playing it as if Trump might win and I should be more optimistic. As I have said many times, I tell it like I see it. And right now, it looks like Trump will do better in November than he did four years ago. And I have to show you this video. Trump's crowd in Butler, Pennsylvania yesterday or the day before yesterday, rather, was legitimately massive. OK, legitimately massive. We have video here. I guess it's drone video or something showing the crowd. I know we joke a lot about the size of Trump's crowds and his hands and his everything. This is a massive, massive crowd. Now, crowd size alone does not predict who's going to win. But Pennsylvania could be a critical state and the willingness of a massive number of people to show up has to count for something. And so for anybody who's like, oh, no, no, no, Kamala Harris is going to win these swing states. It's no big deal. This video is from hours before the rally that I'm showing you. Look at this line. Now, I would never stand in line for these atrocities with the direct sunlight. There were reports that people were looking for shade hiding by diesel generators connected to some of the food vendors. That was the only place they could find shade sucking in the fumes from the diesel generators, the fetid porta potties. I wouldn't go there no matter what. But the fact that this number of people is willing to do it and to go is a reminder that if you haven't signed up to phone bank at minimum for Pennsylvania, now would be a really good time. I'm just going to tell you where things are pointing right now. Biden won Arizona. Trump's winning Arizona, according to the Real Clear Politics average. Kamala Harris is winning Wisconsin and Michigan, but by less than one point. That's not comfort when I I don't feel comfort when I see Harris winning by a fraction of a point in Wisconsin and Michigan. Pennsylvania is tied, according to Real Clear Politics. Trump is winning Georgia per Real Clear Politics and FiveThirtyEight. That's a state that Trump lost in 2020. He's winning Georgia right now. So let's cool it on the David. You should just be more optimistic. I'm realistic. If the election were held today, the most likely outcome is Harris wins, but by a smaller margin electorally than Biden won in 2020. We've got a month to go. Tiny changes. A one point swing in Wisconsin and Michigan means Trump is president of the United States. So don't come to me with that. I need to pretend like Harris has got this sort of stuff. We have a real opportunity. We should be optimistic that if we all get out and vote, Harris will win. We don't yet know if that's going to happen. It depends on us. Let's see if we can make it a reality. There are two big problems with the cheap plastic disposable razors. Two thirds of people have skin irritation and then over two billion plastic razors enter our landfills in the United States alone. Now, our sponsor, Henson Shaving, solves both problems with the plastic disposable razors. You have unstable blades wobbling around as you shave, which causes the irritation. It's like if you were cutting something with scissors or a knife and the blade is wiggling. That's what's happening to your face with the cheap razors. So here's the solution. Razors produced by Henson have a blade that extends only point zero zero one three inches past the shave plane. And that means no blade movement, more comfort before and after shaving. This is something only Henson can offer because of their precision manufacturing shop that also makes aerospace parts. Plus the only part that you replace is the blade itself. The razor will last you a lifetime. Better for your wallet, much better for the planet. When you buy a razor at Henson Shaving dot com slash pacman, use the code pacman to get a two year supply of blades for free. Make sure to add the blades to your cart. The link is in the description. Thanks for watching.