 Total running time for each presidential candidate after tonight's heated Harris Trump debate wrapped up a little while ago from President Trump Speaking just under 43 minutes Vice President Harris speaking just over 37 and a half minutes Plus we just got the first results from our incident poll a debate watchers stand by for that. We're getting We'll be right back Or no, actually we'll keep going we're getting the first reaction to debate from our focus group from voters in the battleground state of Pennsylvania Pennsylvania Phil Mattingly is with them in Erie, Pennsylvania. So tell us who you're with and what they're saying about the debate Yeah, Anderson we talked about how critical Pennsylvania is for each candidates pathway to 270 electoral votes We're here in Erie County, Erie, Pennsylvania We're sitting currently at Mercyhurst University been wonderful host for us The reason why we're here 400 miles away from the debate is Erie County is the swingiest County in the most important swing state of This campaign. There's no question about it went Obama in 2012 when Trump in 2016 when Biden in 2020 the last two cycles just about 1500 votes each Separated the two candidates who we wanted to ask voters who have not made a firm decision yet who they want to vote for What they actually saw in this debate now These are voters that have in the past supported Republicans and Democrats they have in the past shown support for Former president Trump or for Joe Biden but coming into this night They told us that they had not made up their minds yet in this election So just to step back a little bit show our focus group to people Erie residents again Most important state most important County in that state We asked for a show of hands before the debate who hadn't made up their mind yet But thought this debate may determine where they would go with their vote to start With this debate. Who do you think won by show of hands former president Trump? To I'll give it for but tentative to over there. What about vice president Harris? More hands for those of you who thought this debate could be determinative How many of you have made up your minds based on what you saw tonight on stage in Philadelphia raise your hands All right. I want to ask you why What did you see that brought you to a conclusion? I think it's important to remember that we are voting for the leader of our country and not who we like the most Or who we want in our wedding party But who is actually going to make our country better and we're in an incredibly unique situation Where we've had both of the candidates in office before and we've gotten to see what they do and when facts come to facts My life was better when Trump was in office. The economy was higher inflation was lower things were better overall and now with Kamala's Administration things haven't been so fantastic and she's saying she can fix the problems that her administration has caused But I just don't know if I can afford to take that risk Were you leaning towards the former president coming in tonight? Probably and did you have forum in 2016 or 2020? I did So decision made there. What did you think? As to who I would vote for in this election I Strongly felt Kamala was more optimistic more respectful I thought she had plans that she Tried to describe in the minutes worth of time that she had I mean they really were limited with their time so I Don't know I just felt more strongly for her as opposed to her opponent I want to talk about some of the moments the debate because As we told you guys before the debate each of these individuals had a dial and if they turn the dial to the right Then they felt positive about what they were hearing in that moment if they turned it to the left They felt less so they felt negative about what they were hearing we could track that throughout the debate We're gonna show you a couple of moments where you saw the biggest movement Towards positive direction for both of those candidates You will see the lines at the bottom of the screen and you will see that movement as the sound we play you plays out We're gonna start with this Because they're radical the Democrats are radical in that and her vice presidential pick Which I think was a horrible pick by the way for our country because he is really out of it But her vice presidential pick says abortion in the ninth month is absolutely fine. He also says execution after birth it's execution no longer abortion because the baby is born is Okay, and that's not okay with me. Hence the vote Trump abortion bans that make no exception even for rape and incest Which understand what that means a survivor of a crime of violation? To their body does not have the right to make a decision about what happens to their body next that is immoral and One does not have to abandon their faith or deeply held beliefs to agree The government and Donald Trump certainly should not be telling a woman what to do with her body That sound obviously that moment was a critical moment Not just for the debate on one of the critical issues of this campaign on the issue of reproductive rights and abortion But there's also one that garnered significant reaction from our focus group Don't ask about right now for those of you who responded positively to Vice President Harris's answer. Tell me why Yeah, please I responded positively to her answer because I do struggle with the abortion issue and I don't know that she and I agree but I don't know that Like she said that that government should be in charge of people's decisions and I Think that they're the when she was talking about situations of rape and incest I think that those happen more than we think that they do and I just I don't know. I just felt her Passion response and that she would carry it out and that resonated with you in the moment. Yes it did Who else had a positive response? Go ahead, please. I felt like it was her most genuine and passionate That I saw her pretty much throughout it I Didn't necessarily agree with what she was saying but my favorable reactions were because it was nice to see the passion and Believability that she stands behind and then have something to gauge More of what she says on since she hasn't spoken a lot solidly about a lot of issues And I think what's been interesting again following how you guys were tracking the debate which is a fascinating experience and I should know We nobody in this room has been listening to the postgame coverage. Nobody in this room has been listening to the analysis We've actually all been talking amongst ourselves. It's been a really great conversation There was another critical moment and this was Donald Trump's best moment based on your guys responses And it was when he was discussing Afghanistan. Listen Getting out we would have been out faster than that, but we wouldn't have lost the soldiers We wouldn't have left many Americans behind and we wouldn't have left we wouldn't have left 85 billion dollars worth of brand-new beautiful military equipment behind and just to finish They blew it The agreement said you have to do this this this this this and they didn't do it They didn't do it. The agreement was was terminated by us because they didn't do what they were supposed to do So that was the former president talking about the Afghanistan withdrawal where 13 US service members were killed in that chaotic process You're a veteran There are obviously personal feelings here as well that answer and it's been an issue these talked about constantly on the campaign What stood out to you for? When I first heard that we were abandoning or we're withdrawing from Afghanistan and the the way it was happening I had my Kennedy moment It was very similar to when we decided to invade Iraq back under President Bush and when I saw that we were leaving that amount of high-tech equipment in the hands of our enemy and Later that that day or later that week. I saw on the news were them celebrating with our guns in their hands I realized what a travesty that was a in the loss of money in that let we Abandoned when we left plus the very bullets that we left there that they were shooting as us at us as we flew away into planes