 Hello everyone, welcome back POV today. I'm sitting down with Dick Pullman full-time writer in residence and journalism professor here at Penn He also wrote for the Philadelphia Inquirer for 22 years and now writes about politics weekly on his own platform. Dick Pullman.net You wrote for the Philadelphia Inquirer like I said for 22 years covering the presidential elections in 1992 96 2000 2004 and 2008 How do you view Pennsylvania as a swing state in this year's presidential election? Compared to past elections. Yeah, it's become much more of a swing state than it used to be in part because the divide between the Blue Philadelphia and the red rural areas Has become much more pronounced number one and the second thing is that the suburban counties around? Philadelphia they used to be solidly Republican, but starting about 20 years ago or so they started to move toward the Democrats and the reason in part was about social issues and if you know, Pennsylvania at all you've got the Metropolitan and suburban areas around Philadelphia and to the west you've got Pittsburgh and everything in between That's what was often called the tea geographically has been Republican and there was a still around a Democratic strategist named James Carville he used to say about Pennsylvania that you've got Philadelphia and Pittsburgh and in the middle was Alabama and that was a reference to the votes that were just not gettable for the Democrats. So The sum total of all this is that when you add up all the demographics and all the votes It becomes almost like a toss-up. And so the last election Biden won it very narrowly. I don't know 70,000 votes 80,000 votes perhaps and in 2016 Trump won it very narrowly And so it used to be predominantly Republican then it was voting Democratic for about 20 years and then Now it's the last two elections. It's swung both ways. So it has made it ground zero For these two candidates and it's like they say that no matter who loses Pennsylvania that candidate has much less of a chance of prevailing nationally Wow In 2016 you wrote that quote Trump's dissing of democracy will live in infamy and that he was a clear and present Danger to our Democratic values What specifically did you observe about Trump eight years ago that led you to make his claim far before January 6th? It's not necessarily that I was you know You know prescient before anybody else, but it was just so it was just so yeah, right It was just so obvious to me by what I was seeing and I think the two main things that I saw was that Before the 2016 election even happened. He was saying that he wasn't necessarily going to accept the results of the campaign I mean, he's never been shy about saying exactly What he intends to do and what he how he intends to respond So in one of the debates that fall with Hillary Clinton there was the question was asked You know, are you going to abide by the results of the election if you lose and he said well not necessarily stay tuned We'll have we'll see what happens each tonight. Do you make the same commitment that you will absolutely Sir that you will absolutely accept the result of this election. I will look at it at the time I'm not looking at anything now. I'll look at it at the time and that was at that time an extraordinary thing to say I mean my jaw-drap because I was still looking at things the way things have always been traditionally done You know, of course, you're going to abide by it But so he said that and the other thing he said during those same debates was that if he won He might want to prosecute Hillary Clinton and there was some line that he in one of the debates that you know You're gonna be in jail or you should be in jail just awfully good that someone With the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country because you'd be in jail Secretary so he was signaling this whole notion of You're going to prosecute your political enemies and nobody had ever talked that way before Those were the two main things that led me to write those things is clear and present danger and you know, I I Lament the fact that they have now been born out by reality Yeah, and what do you think will happen if Trump loses in November if he loses in November? We have a very high Probability I should say of more post-election chaos Whether it's organized or spontaneous if we look to see what happened in 2020, you know What what does it say on the National Archives building? What's past his prologue? And he already did that in 2020 he lost 60 court cases, but it didn't seem to matter and everybody in the last resort was to have this This insurrection at the Capitol on January 6th but my fear is that November could be just as This would be the nice word for just as raucous as it was in 2020, right? In response to recent news coming out about Trump sending Vladimir Putin COVID tests in 2020 during the shortage You posted on X saying that these reports quote would be an electoral game-changer in a normal country What do you mean by this claim in like normal country? Well a normal country where a normal country where if you have a president who is Taking steps to help a foreign adversary as opposed to helping your own citizens a normal country would find that to be Highly problematical at the very least, but if you notice This report came out two days ago. It's been in the press a little bit Kamala Harris talked about it in her appearance on Howard Stern and But it's two days later and you know, where's the you know, where's the outrage? Where's the you know where people just repeating what happened and putting it on on? Social media and and making it a major issue You know, the problem is is that we're numb where so much of this are we're numb and not just numb But there's a there's an amnesia factor involved here, too but I guess that That's what I meant about a normal country a normal country would say that these are important issues But we are numb and we are exhausted I think by some because there's something every single day and in terms of my particular Job still as as as a journalist when I'm not teaching I think that's important enough to point out even if people are too numb to take it on and Even if I end up having a smaller audience Maybe because people don't want to read it on that kind of stuff on any given day And I'm gonna write a column about this tomorrow about these COVID tests In your column you use a very personal and partisan voice Was there something specific that? Made you stop the traditional reporting in a nonpartisan manner and sort of turned towards opinion Oh, yeah, that's a good question. I have to sort of my career arc was that I Was a what is awesome called a straight reporter? for decades really and for the first Let's see Starting in 1988, which is when I wrote my first political stuff to the inquirer from 1988 to 2004 which is 16 years Doing the math. I was a straight reporter No opinion and I had to kind of you know, I was trained to sort of remove myself in that sense and be dispassionate But I got to the point after 16 years where I felt I knew enough about politics I knew enough about how these people You know strategized Where I really wanted to have more of my own voice because I always liked writing with style So that's why I kind of I moved to commentary because I felt at that point That I had earned enough I had earned enough experience to be able to sort of say what I thought was really was really going on And you know and that's obviously a little bit tricky for some readers because then you get people who are really get angry with your point of view And but I was you know, I was fine with that and I still am And so I've been writing commentary ever since and it obviously it is partisan in the sense that you know, I think you know One side is more correct than the other side But as I try to emphasize I really really believe this that I don't see this as Democratic Democrat versus Republican I see this as facts and truth versus untruths and lies and to me that is you know that to me is the dividing line and if it's partisan to say that factual reality Should be the priority and if it's partisan to say that lies Wrong, then I guess that makes me a partisan In 1988 you wrote the making of an image for the inquirer about the GOP's pioneering TV attack ads How has the role of political journalism changed during your lifetime along this evolving media landscape? And how do you see it going in the future the ads in 1988 and that whole campaign? It really I think further diminished At least print political journalism and we were writing about what was going on on TV all the time but that really that rose was really the beginning of the change and With the internet came the explosion of media sites that everybody could start to really Good silo themselves with sites that perhaps spoke to their own political preconceptions and so the old Gatekeepers which was New York Times Washington Post maybe Wall Street Journal somewhat the LA Times ABC NBC CBS those were the main gatekeepers Well, their impact started to really diminish and that fragmentation has accelerated ever since to where we are today What what Kamala Harris has done this week was a perfect example of what I'm talking about that the mainstream outlets They all want interviews whether you know, which basically it's like, you know, we're the professional journalists We know the most about issues. You've got to be talking to us. No, they're not she's not talking to them she's talking to these, you know podcasts like you know the one today caller daddy and Howard Stern and the view on TV so These niche audiences late night TV late night talk shows. These are where they think they can get a pool of voters who Potential voters who may stay home or maybe though they're gettable. Maybe they're persuadable Whereas most of the people who read mainstream Print media in particular, you know, they they already know politics really well They've made up their minds a long time ago So that she's decided to waste of time to to go to them because you've got all these other outlets And lastly, what advice you have for students ahead of this upcoming election? Well two things first is we are flooded with disinformation like never before and I think it's imperative for everybody Penn students especially to To guard against being swept away by lies and stuff that is just meant to sort of pollute the atmosphere pollute the media ecosystem and You know look at the fact-checking websites for which there are three or four including factcheck.org here at Penn and PolitiFact Dot-com is another one, but that's one of the things that everybody needs to guard against to be good citizens But the second thing is that there is still time if you haven't done it to register to vote in Pennsylvania as opposed to where your parents live For example, this is just as we started this conversation. This is arguably the ultimate swing state in this election And every vote will count. I'm not going to say how you should vote but There's maybe two or three weeks left to register and Get a mail-in ballot if that's easier But this is the most important election of my lifetime And since I've been around a lot longer than you guys it is certainly the most important election of your lifetime So let's make it work All right Thank you so much and thank you to everybody watching if you want to check out some of Dick Pullman's writing you can find it at Dick Pullman dot net. Thank you You