 Internal polling experts are agreeing. Trump is taking Pennsylvania. Welcome to Doug in Exile. This is the Doug Tenapl Channel. Hope you've subscribed so you don't miss out on a single episode. Here's Eric Doherty over on X, breaking Harris campaign, pulls back Milwaukee, Wisconsin advertising, and diverts it to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania amid concerns of lagging turnout. Let's go to the Tucker Carlson show. It is said, the winner of Pennsylvania will win. It's said by everyone all the time. Yeah, it's almost certainly true. It's almost certainly true. There's still an inside straight she could get, but largely if Trump takes Pennsylvania, he's got this. She's got demographic problems there. Changing her position on fracking was absolutely essential. Whether people believed it or not, she couldn't have won being against fracking. It's not as big a deal throughout the state as people think, but in part as to the state, it's a very big deal. So she changed her position on fracking. We don't know if people will believe her or not. I mean, you're crazy if you do believe you. If you're in Pennsylvania, you deserve to lose your job. If you are suckered by this person who intends to destroy fracking, she's told you in the past already what she's gonna do. She's gonna destroy the oil industry. That's their goal. And this really shows sort of just how far left that Kamala Harris got in that 2019 Democratic primary when she was running with Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren. She was making this extremely bold promise that she was going to take the US oil industry possibly criminally prosecute them for their role in climate change. She compared it to big tobacco saying they knew the effects of climate change. That's Democrats. They love using law fair to get their agenda done, but that's CNN burning on Kamala Harris. That's the big news of this episode, how the media is turning on Kamala Harris for the first time in the last couple of days. I made Trump the favorite there, as do most of my Democratic sources, but she's spending an unprecedented amount of money. She'll continue to work it there. He's showing strength there with white working class voters, with older voters, with black men, with the Hispanics suburbs around Philly. So it's, and that's a place because Biden was born in Pennsylvania and so associated with it. That's a place where trading out Biden for Harris was probably a downgrade for them. They wounded themselves. This is Democrats fault because they took Biden out and that was the one place where he could have helped him was in Pennsylvania. Here's Time Magazine. Harris declined repeated request for an interview for this story. In contrast, Trump talked about his policy vision with a Time reporter for 90 minutes across two interviews. Even Joe Biden spoke to Time at a similar length before dropping out of the race. So Kamala Harris unprecedented hidden, but she gets real brave when it comes down to destroying oil and fracking in Pennsylvania. I'm saying about these big oil companies and these fossil fuel companies. Look, you should be really prepared to look at a serious fine or be charged with a crime and they need to pay the price. So yes, is the answer. Yeah, that's her back in 2019, back when she was telling the truth on the subject, but here's more of CNN turning on her. I took on big oil companies and what? We've taken on the big oil companies who are polluting. I took on oil companies who are polluting our environments. All right, obviously that is extremely different than what she is presenting right now. CNN said that's extremely different. That's another way of saying that's a lie. She's now lying. And she hasn't given a reason why she changed her position. Only she just goes, was I, I was against fracking? Now we're for it. We're for fracking. She never says why, because she always said it was some kind of a crime. But this isn't the only thing that she's flipped on that you found and you found a lot of other inconsistencies. Yeah, she's flip flopped on a lot of issues related to energy. Take a look at just a few of them. She said she was going to ban plastic straws. She said she was going to ban fracking. We have heard a lot about that. And she said she would eliminate the filibuster to pass the Green New Deal now. Now, why isn't she telling you the truth about her positions and her goals? But again, CNN is done with her garbage. She also ran Facebook ads during that campaign, which were touting her support for the Green New Deal, which were saying that she was going to take on big oil to stop for their role in contributing to climate change. Why do you think CNN is putting distance between them and Harris? Do they not smell the looze already? They don't want to be part of it. There's more on the media turning on her about crime statistics. Here's Greg Price over on X. After Democrats and journalists have spent the entire election cycle claiming that crime is down, the FBI, three weeks before an election, revises the crime statistics, showing the crime increased by 4.5% in 2022 instead of dropping by 2%. They were only off by 100%. Notice how all of these people are having to readjust their numbers down. All the institutions lied to you saying like there were this many jobs and really, they had to adjust the numbers down. And the amount that they're having to adjust them down are by record percentages, often 100% down, 200% down. They were exaggerating to help Kamala Harris. And then comes the truth. Here's the FBI crime data reveals that originally missed 1,700 murders in 2022. How did that happen? Karine Jean-Pierre was lying about it too, straight face to doozy. And here's Pete Buttigieg, still isn't on board, still doesn't understand the lay of the land. Here he goes, crime is down. But it's not just Kamala Harris that's getting smashed by media. Here's Roseanne Barr taking a shot at Fox News. Here's Brett Baer, open call. I wanna hear from you. What do you ask Vice President Harris? Send them to me here or on Instagram, Brett Baer and Roseanne Barr down there responds. Ask her why she only goes on programs of people too weak to actually challenge her. Then ask yourself this too while you're at it. Oh my. And Harris was terrible on Fox News the other night. This is a campaign that cannot find a way to land the planet. You and I both know what I'm talking about. I actually don't. What are you talking about? And then here's Trump. He got a hold of Kamala Harris' medical report on this tweet. As to her completely desperate request from my medical statement, she's dying to see my cholesterol, which is 180. I have already provided them many times, including quite recently, and they were flawless. However, I have just seen Kamala's report and it's not good. According to her doctor's report, she suffers from urticaria, defined as a rash of round red welts on the skin that itch intensely, sometimes with dangerous swelling. She also has allergic rhinitis and allergic conjunctivitis, a very messy and dangerous situation. These are deeply serious conditions that clearly impact her functioning. Maybe that's why she can't answer even the simplest of questions asked by 60 Minutes and others. What is that all about? What is this all about? I don't have these problems, he says. And then here's how the Democrats are gonna manipulate the elders into voting. This should be some kind of a crime. Okay, Grandma, do you wanna vote for the first black woman president ever? Okay, she's a Democrat too. Okay, so I'll show you where to write. Keep the pin in your hand and it's right here. Good job, Grandma. You got to vote for the first woman president, Harris. Kamala Harris. Now that I've voted for who you wanted me to, can I have food and water, please? But that's not gonna help, guys. Here's the poly market. Trump is higher than ever. This just released. Pennsylvania has flipped for Trump. It's over for Harris. You know, we still have to conduct an election. We're not done fighting. Let me know in the comments below. Are you gonna call any of your friends in Pennsylvania? Are you still voting and rooting for Trump and praying for Trump? I'm Doug in exile.