 Well, ladies and gentlemen, we are getting some real early voting data this time out of Pennsylvania, Donald Trump flipping a very important county. And now you can see registered Democrat, Republican and independent voters in each of the common wealth 67 counties. We're getting actual numbers now. And the numbers, of course, just like all the other swing states, just like we talked about with Virginia, they're looking a lot better for Trump. This is the most important state in the 2024 election. And now there's actually been an update on the overall voter registration edge. You can see this is the updated count. I'm guessing this was some type of this was a photo taken a few days ago, but now you can see Democratic edge over GOP and voter registration is dropping in all the major key states in Pennsylvania in September of 2020. It was sitting around 560 K more Democrats than Republicans. Very hard for Donald Trump to make that up. It is doable. It's not like voter registration is everything, but still you would like that number to be lower. Look at what the updated number is right now. 163 K you've gone from 560 K to 160 K. Basically a huge difference there of 400,000 less in terms of the Democrats advantage over the Republicans. They only won the state by around 70 to 80,000 votes in 2020. And now the number is so small. Certainly you would think 400 K decrease. You only win the state by 80, 90 K. It's not an apples to apples comparison, but it still does make sense that if they had such a bigger voter registration advantage and they were only able to win the state by like a point now imagine considering how much it's condensed. And also the fact that I expect Donald Trump to just win independence in Pennsylvania and really all these swing States. The question is, will there be more liberals out numbering, which there are, it's 160 K. Will that make up for the bigger turnout from Trump? We know how he gets people to go to the polls and also the independent support that I think Trump will get in these swing States over Harris. I think he's going to win independence in every single swing state, which is also going to help combat the advantage that the Democrats have in a state like Pennsylvania. It's doable. I mean, 560 K it's, you know, it's hard to make that up. You can also make that up, but still now that it's not to 160 K now that we're seeing counties flipping to Trump, you can see updated another county flips to Trump in Pennsylvania. This early voting data is so key in Pennsylvania, the most important state. And you've got this happening today. Two hours ago, so big tweets out Shapiro and Zelensky visits our visit artillery shell plant in Scranton. I'm sure Biden was also there. I'm kidding. But Shapiro signs shells to be used in the war in Ukraine. What is this? This is just, I thought this was fake. They're signing shells to bomb Russia from the United States made in America. And you've got Zelensky. Why would you ask like, have Europe do this, let Zelensky go to France and get the shells. Why are we doing this? We're just alienating ourselves against Russia even more and escalating tensions. This is a constant thing. These people do. This is why Trump needs to come in. They're signing. You've got American liberal governors signing artillery shells, shipping them to Ukraine and launching them into Russian territory. Or maybe they'll be used for, you know, I don't know what they'll be used for exactly, but I know, you know, the government denied that they were going to do the long range missiles. I hope that's the case. So it doesn't escalate any further, but it is crazy. We're talking about Pennsylvania, the voter registration, everything. It couldn't be more night and day. Donald Trump doing so much better in terms of voter registration, early voting, all of the counties compared to what's going on with the Democrats to where they're literally signing artillery shells in a factory in Pennsylvania that are being used to escalate or potential World War three scenario. Wow. This is crazy. And the fact that we saw this back to back, you've got Trump. That's exactly why Democrats are going to wonder here. You know, we're going to get in 2024. We're going to be their horrible racist country. That's what we're going to get. Remember in 2016, how we were so racist. Remember Van Jones. It's a white lash. We're going to get that again. Call us racist when we elect Trump. You know, I like that. I actually smile when they do it because it's so funny. No, no, no. This is the real reason we elect Trump. Look at the Democrats. Look at what they're doing. They're escalating a horrible war scenario. We think what happened to Ukraine was very bad. I agree, but it's a little bit more complicated. You've really got to dig deep when you're talking about that situation with NATO involved in everything like that in the United States should not be in NATO. The creators of NATO think that NATO has already served its purpose. The USSR doesn't even exist. So it makes no sense. But now Europe is just they're up our asses. They're so obsessed with us and with NATO because they know as long as they have the United States and NATO, they could pretty much do whatever they want because the United States is the biggest superpower. But why is Zelensky going to an American factory in a swing state like Pennsylvania and having Shapiro sign artillery shells bragging about bombing Russia? What are we doing? Go to a factory in France? We don't care. You're not going to come over here. We've got an Atlantic Ocean separating us. So see, see, you understand why Pennsylvania is going to go right. This is a perfect example. We've got Trump and by the way, I think Trump's going to be in Pennsylvania tonight. Oh, that's great news. Trump is doing a rally in Pennsylvania tonight. So Trump is going to be doing a rally. He's doing great in early voting. He's flipping all these counties. He survived two assassination attempts. They're still trying to kill him. Liberals say if he dies, it's his fault. It's karma and they don't care. So that's going on. And then you've also got this going on at the same time on the same day. This is an illustration of why Donald Trump is going to win the state of Pennsylvania. When you escalate, I mean, you're signing a frickin artillery shell. What are you doing? I don't know. Maybe they're used for defense. Maybe they're used for defense. But either way, I just wanted to update everyone on this. And this looks very good. Obviously the Democrats are going to get Philadelphia. They're going to get state college. That's where Penn State is. They're going to get Pittsburgh and you know, that's where they are right now. Scranton. And these are really good numbers when you add up everything. Trump is doing better. It's just like Virginia to where all the top counties, they're all Republican and Trump is doing very well in Pennsylvania right now. And then just something I stumbled across that I thought I'd bring to people's attention. This came out yesterday. I was searching up Pennsylvania trying to find early voting data. Election experts raise fresh alarms. This came out yesterday. Raise fresh alarms about vote counting delays and chaos in battleground states. Last night, this, this article came out from CNN and you can see while several other states have moved to speed up the vote count in the four years since the 2020 debacle, political gridlock in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin has prevented a change that could have paved the way for earlier projections, the ability to begin opening and process processing mail-in ballots before election day. A Republican city commissioner in Philadelphia put the odds of knowing the winner on election night at almost zero. So I would imagine she's talking about the odds of winning, of knowing who wins Pennsylvania at almost zero. And so they're already doing this, but honestly, if she means like the actual election, she's wrong. Trump can win the election without even knowing if he won Pennsylvania, if he wins some other important states. So I still think the election can be decided, you know, at 2 a.m. or 3 a.m. Eastern time, which is when it was decided against Hillary. Obviously, at that point in 2016, we did know who was going to win Pennsylvania. But even without Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, Trump can still win the election and it can be decided by about 2 a.m. with a call by all the major networks. If he wins Arizona, North Carolina, Georgia, Nevada, you know, you could still potentially make a call at that point, you know, maybe also Virginia as well. But so this is horrible stuff. This is not how it used to be. You know, there's some type of political gridlock. I'd love to see what the actual issue is with that in terms of speeding up the vote, the vote counting process. We saw what Florida did, you know, what they've done in 2020 and 2016 has been amazing how quickly they get their vote in. The winner gets called by like 11 o'clock, 1130 at night. And I think this time Trump's going to be the winner in Florida, probably within an hour because they do the early the mail in voting early. It's the same exact thing Ohio does. That's why Hillary was up over Trump and then Biden was up over Trump in Ohio and then Trump overtook both of them because the man, the day of gets counted after the mail and the mail and gets counted early. So you know, the big issue here with this is the amount of early voting and mail and ballots that there are going to be. And we knew this was going to be a problem from 2020. There was going to be carryover from the amount of people that did that in 2020. 2020 changed our elections probably for good. Hopefully they go back to normal. But I do think if we didn't have the pandemic, there would be no none of this crazy mail in voting that's now like a staple. And now you've got people saying there's almost a 0% chance of knowing the winner. Well, I wouldn't say that if you're just talking about, I mean, maybe Pennsylvania, there might be a 0% chance. But again, Trump can win the election without Pennsylvania. So you know, it looks like from what this article is saying, it's going to be very hard to get real numbers confirming who won either Wisconsin or Pennsylvania on election night, unfortunately at least that's what they're saying here in this article because both Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have not changed apparently any of their laws. But it is also different. We have to understand there's going to be less mail in voting in 2024. 2020 was a total shit show without everything was done just because it was the heart of the pandemic. And I mean, it was crazy in the way that it was counted and all the ballot dumps like three or four IMS. I mean, I mean that happened. So it's like 2020 was its own beast. This is going to be better than 2020. So maybe there still is a chance that these states do get called at around two or three a.m. If Trump can win Pennsylvania by two or three points, I think it is possible. But either way, right now, Pennsylvania looks very good for Trump. The early voting looks very good. He's flipping counties and you've got Democrats, you know, signing artillery shells to be used as an escalation force to trend to World War Three. This is not good stuff. The people of Pennsylvania, they see this and they see the attacks that Trump is under. And that's why they're going to vote for him. And then the media is going to lash out and call us all racist. Well, that's fine. It doesn't really matter. Nobody cares. That's just the reality. We're going to be electing Trump because Trump is looking for a de-escalation of this war. And he's already talked to Zelensky. He's already talked to Putin. Ukraine now has Russian territory. So they've got a bargaining chip. And so that's why at least with Trump, we're going to get some dialogue moving in the direction of potential peace as opposed to Democrats bragging about signing shells that are going to be used to, you know, in Russian territory. This is not good. This is full escalation into World War Three, especially with what's going on in the Middle East. It could break at any point. You don't want that to happen while the war in Europe is still going on because then you've got a bigger problem on your hands. You've got multiple wars happening, multiple hot wars that really can get out of control quickly. So either way, guys, that is going to do it for this video. Make sure you follow me on X. Link to that is always in the description.