 How is Kamala Harris going to play in PA? It's going to be difficult if she continues with who she's been up until this point. Right. She is further left than Hillary. She is a San Francisco Democrat that is again further left than the average Democrat in, in my home state. So that's going to be a challenge in all those smaller counties that will actually make the difference in this race. So Pittsburgh and Philadelphia, she will probably hit somewhere where Obama hit or Hillary hit. And you know, the other counties, that's where her challenge will be Erie County, North Hampton County, Cambria County. These are the smaller counties that however, despite their smaller size, will take the eventual winner over the top. She's against fracking. Unless she does a John Kerry, I was for the Iraq war before I was against it, before I was for it, before I was against it. So, you know, you have to communicate that robustly. Biden was already challenged behind Trump in our state for numerous reasons, including putting a ban on liquid natural gas exports in our state. It doesn't just impact the industry, which also has a couple hundred thousand people in it, but it also impacts farmers who have wells on natural gas wells on their property and those leases have put new life into their farms. Now, Selena, I want to my view of the world is there is only one selection for Kamala Harris for her running mate. That would be Governor Shapiro, P.A. It's the only one that makes sense. I think he will deliver the state to her if she is selected. He is, however, Jewish. He is also very pro-Israel. Do you expect her to take him as she should? No, but I don't know if it's because she doesn't pick him or he ultimately bows out. I don't. Josh Shapiro is very talented. You and I have had this discussion many, many times. He's a very different kind of governor, Republican or Democrat. He's very much about governing and less about idealistic, that ideological politics. But that all changes when he becomes her second. Right. And and and he has tested out this sort of bulldog in your face message the past couple days. And I have been flooded with texts from people saying, oh, wait a minute. I voted for this guy. This is not the guy I voted for because they they voted for Trump and him. And so they're challenged by that. And and so I don't think he takes it because it takes away his opportunity to not only finish out his first term and go into his second term, but also to prove himself to the people of the state. All right. Last question, Selena. Do you think Democrats can hide the real Kamala Harris from America for 100 days? I mean, they're going to try. But, you know, the world is very different. I was you know, I had no idea what to expect. What what would happen when Elon Musk took over Twitter. But it has been fascinating to me how much more information flows from both sides on social media. And and look, this is the Twitter is the place where the president of the United States announced he was not going to run to hold his seat. So, you know, people are much more savvy about getting their information. And, you know, she has I've never seen a candidate have such a treasure trove of information that pushes back on everything and anything that they're trying to portray portray that she is today. But she got more baggage than Chicago during a snowstorm at O'Hare. I mean, she got more baggage than anyone I've ever seen run for president. She is so far to the left. I cannot imagine. And I will have a clenched stomach. We should not be this close to becoming a socialist country. We ought not to be this close. And the Democrats have put us in this position by not having a primary. She would never have won the nomination. So do you agree with that? If Joe Biden stepped aside and they had a free for all, do you think she would be the nominee when talking to grassroots Democrats across the state? You're absolutely right. They want to win. And there is the sugar high is coming from the elites. Right. Hollywood, the elected officials Pelosi, Schumer, all of the highly elected officials within their party in Hollywood and corporations are open up opening up their pocketbook. But you don't see that among the grassroots.