 Well, ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump got a major victory in the state of Pennsylvania within the last 24 hours that could single handedly change the results of the election. Take a look at this when it comes to election integrity. Pennsylvania, the Trump campaign and the RNC secured a major victory with the Pennsylvania Supreme Court this week. The state's high court rejected a challenge by Dems to remove the requirement that mail-in ballots be dated so they didn't want there to be a requirement that you had to date mail-in ballots to get them in by a certain time. That has been rejected. Pennsylvania law will require voters to sign and date mail-in ballots. And this just goes to show you, this is another scenario, just like the SAVE Act. We'll see what happens when it comes to that, possibly Democrats threatening a government shutdown. Republicans should 100% go there because it exposes the fact that the Democrats do not want any election integrity and it's all gaslighting. They say, how could you ever say that there's any voter fraud? Well, why are you actively trying to make it harder to pass legislation that prevents that potential voter fraud? It's the same argument I used a few weeks ago when this whole thing came up. If you want to give Republicans zero excuses because you know if you win the election, some Republicans are going to say, oh, it's rigged, this, that, and the other. And so wouldn't you want to give them no excuses by making the election process? Not even just for Republicans, just for the United States, make it as secure and as real and as ripe with as little fraud as possible. Wouldn't you want to do that? But they don't because they need the potential fraudulent votes. And if that's not the case, then a liberal needs to explain to me why do they make it extremely hard and try and find all these loopholes to where we just want to secure election. This is another example of it. The Democrats challenged to remove the requirement when the mail-in ballots be dated. That's just another try, you know, little loophole thing to try and make it so, oh, they can come at the mail-in ballots can come at any time. They can come in after the due date and it is a complete joke, but this is time and time again, the save act is the most important thing and that's going to be highlighted. So we'll see what happens in terms of that. I know a lot of people are pissed off at Republicans for not trying to pass that act earlier. And while I agree, this is a great optic situation, especially if they reject this and the government gets shut down because it exposes them even more the fact that they potentially want illegals to vote because otherwise why would you reject it? There's still, I've heard no explanation for why liberals don't want that act. I'm sure they'll make something like, oh, it costs money or something like that. But of course we know the real reason they do not want actual election integrity. They just want to gaslight all of us and say, it's not happening. You dumb racist white people, white Republicans, there's nothing going on. You're just mad whenever you lose, even though Mark Zuckerberg admitted in a letter to Jim Jordan that, yeah, I mean, I mean that letter is earth shattering. Nobody talks about it. Mark Zuckerberg is admitting that the FBI and the CIA told the big tech like Facebook and Twitter that there was going to be Russian disinformation specifically. Remember Zuckerberg first said on Joe Rogan that it was just a vague, oh, there's going to be Russian disinformation. But then he says in a letter, no, they specifically said there's going to be Russian disinformation about the Biden family corruption. So they're preemptively telling the big tech, Hey, listen, there's going to be some stuff coming out. Don't worry. It's all fake. It's from Russia because they want Trump to win. And so that's what happened. And so, and so, but then they want to say, Oh, nothing happened in the 2020 election. It was totally fine. Even though we've got the letter admitting that that big tech manipulated the election through face through the FBI and the CIA preemptively, preemptively warning them that there was going to be disinformation that turned out to be real. The story was real because I'm guessing liberals knew the higher up Democrats knew that the story, the Hunter Biden laptop story was what the Republicans were sitting on because of course it's going to get released a few weeks before the election. I'm sure Republicans and Democrats will probably not Democrats. Let's remember when it comes to October surprises, understand this with the Trump October surprise. If they come out with something on Trump in October or around the election, I'm not saying a hundred percent. It's false, but understand the context of it. And especially the use of AI with the voice and things like that, they can manipulate it. They had no October surprise on Trump in 2020. Don't you think Trump at that point being an incumbent, they would throw everything they had at Trump. They wouldn't save anything because you would think that'd be the last time Trump would run. So in essence, if they had anything on Trump, they would have used it in 2020. They didn't have anything. So they're going to come back and now have this bombshell in 2024. They're not going to have anything. If they have something, it's probably made up. That's what I'm saying. But Trump's going to have a lot of stuff on Harris and they're saving it. But that's the whole thing with the October surprise in 2020, they silenced the one major October surprise and it's like, we're just supposed to accept it and not even talk about it. If you talk about it, oh, it's a conspiracy. It's a joke. I mean, no, this has been admitted now by a dude who donated $400 million to their campaign. He was like the second highest donor to their campaign saying that they manipulated the election with big tech. So that's why all of this election integrity is so important. What is this here? Minnesota, Tim, Tim Waltz signed a law for automatic voter registration and driver's license for all which allowed non-citizens on the voter rolls. His administration failed to remove ineligible voters and clean the voter rolls. Well, that's really not just a Tim Waltz thing. That's pretty much all the Democrats when they're in control of states, they try and make the voting laws extremely lax. And that's pretty typical there. This week, the Trump campaign and the RNC forced Waltz administration in Minnesota to inactivate over a thousand voters on the rolls who could be non-citizens or ineligible to vote. And then you've also got stuff in Nevada and Michigan. So this Pennsylvania stuff is really the big stuff. It's a real key win. We've also got this Donald Trump favored in all seven battleground states under latest election model. Well, what model is this exactly? Silver bulletin model, Donald Trump, very slight favorite in Wisconsin. Really all the Nevada 61% chance, Pennsylvania 63% chance. Yeah, no, this is nice. Arizona really seems to be trending. Arizona and Georgia, Arizona, Georgia, North Carolina, you win those three states and Trump's got over a 65% chance. You only need one more. You would just need Nevada. You win the election. You need one more state, even Nevada with its only six electoral votes you win. If you get Arizona, if you get Pennsylvania, wait, actually, I think you might need, you might need another state after that. But if you get Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Georgia, you win the election and Trump's got a better than 63% chance to win all of them. Oh yeah. I don't know if you guys saw this with the low budget discount, Chris Cuomo interviewing Kamala Harris. And it's again, the same, the same script she used during the debate. You think they would practice for this stuff. Last night, Kamala Harris had a rally at like a preschool gym. That's how bad it's getting. But here she is. And remember the first question they were like, why are Americans better off right now than they were four years ago under Trump? And then she says, I grew up in a middle class family. So I mean, and she does the exact same thing in this and making life more affordable for people. What are one or two specific things you have budget Chris Cuomo? Well, I'll start with this. When we talk about bringing down prices and making life more affordable for people, what are one or two specific things you have in mind for that? Well, I'll start with this. I grew up a middle class kid. My mother raised my sister and me she worked very hard again with this. She got to go through this again. So see that just goes to show you it's like she reverts to factory settings when she gets asked a tough question. And they've installed something into her just like they do with the liberal people with the chip. Remember, they've got the Biden chip, they replace it with the Kamala. Now everyone's for Kamala. But it's like they give they've given her a chip and the factory settings is this story. She gets asked a tough question. It's like, what do you think about fracking? And she's like, you know, I grew up in a middle class family. Let me tell you, what do you think about all the illegal immigrants? What do you think about the Haitians? It's so funny. They're still saying the story is fake. There are reports that the Haitian migrants were eating geese and ducks. That's the reports. There are police reports on it. There are phone calls into police stations that are verifiable. That's what it is. You can't just say it's false because you don't like it. You actually have to prove that it's false, but it's not false. That's the problem. I don't know what to tell you. There are reports of it. And there's huge stuff going on right now about potentially World War Three with Biden and the administration giving the okay for Ukraine to use long range missiles. And apparently the United States, because Ukraine doesn't have the technology, they really don't have the technology for any of this. It's all from NATO. But because they don't have the technology, the United States has to guide the long range missiles. And so the US is going to be involved. And that's what they're talking about. And maybe I'll do a separate video on that. But all of this is super scary. And of course, I mean, it's like you ask Kamala Harris, well, we're on the brink of World War Three. The United States is now authorized Ukraine to fire long range missiles in deep into Russian territory. They're going to help guide them in there. They're going to be involved directly in the war. And it's going to kick off World War Three. What do you think about this? What are you going to do if you're president? And then she's just going to be like, I grew up in a middle class family. Yeah, I was a middle class kid. That's going to be her response. It's the factory setting is like she reverts whenever she gets a tough question, she reverts back to the factory settings. But either way, guys, this is big news. This is good in Pennsylvania. And so it does seem like people always ask me one of the most biggest questions I get is, what do you think about the election? Is there going to be cheating going on? It's going to be a lot harder because people are ready now after what happened in 2020, we're going to have the election decided on election night. It's not going to be all this this this this counting three or four days after because they've updated the way that well, actually, some of the states have not updated the way they've counted. But just in general, with the note, no more crazy pandemic, we're not going to be dealing with that environment. People are going to count quicker, the mail in ballots are going to be less, the mail in ballot requests are significantly less in a lot of these swing states. So I think it's going to be similar to the 2016 Hillary election, where they declare Trump the winner by about two a.m. Eastern Standard Time, or maybe it was later than that. But basically, we'll know by two a.m. because a lot of those a lot of the swing states like the Rust Belt, their polls close, you know, Eastern Standard Time in Pennsylvania, Central Standard Time in Wisconsin, we should know by like 11 o'clock midnight with most of the counting. At that point, I think it's going to be a lot different this cycle. But either way, guys, that is going to do it for this video. Make sure you follow me on x links. That's always in the description.