 As you know, we've been working on this for months. The president has made, has taken historic steps to keep gas prices down. So here's, you know, so if you, so gas prices, we haven't, we've seen increase in the West and the Midwest in recent weeks because of specific refinery issues. We've called on those refiner, refiners to operate safely, but quickly come back online. And we've, we've been clear and said again today that U.S. energy companies must bring, must keep bringing pump prices down by closing this historic, historically large gap between wholesale and retail gas prices. Oh my goodness gracious. Let's bring in founder of bikers for Trump, Chris Cox. Chris, you don't, you don't use a lot of gas in your bike, but you do buy everything else and everything else is going up. We have a cool full screen. We're going to roll while you talk a little bit about every price is going up. And by the way, tomorrow, big day, tell us about what, what the people you talk, but you're a farm. What are they saying? I'm in OHA. I mean, I'm sorry, Pennsylvania. It's left Ohio. So I'm here helping engage the Amish with Dr. Oz and master Reno. Donald Trump is very well received with the Amish to give you an idea. The voting block of the Amish have gone up over a thousand percent from 16 to 2020. That's how much they like Donald Trump and these, they're going to be in the line. That's going to be a hundred miles long. You watch these Amish can flip this race here. We've got a rally coming up with Doug Bastiano and that's going to be with the Amish in the midnight. That'll be invitation only just note, not the English. They won't be invited to this one. And there's a lot of excitement in the air here. See, this is like a secret weapon era. The Amish can't be pulled in many cases by families will share one phone and these, these are, these are businessmen. They're farmers. They're some of the highest paying tax brackets in Ohio and Pennsylvania. And they mean business. They're just coming out. This will be the second time vote. And these are first second time voters. Donald Trump created all of these voters. They like the economy under Donald Trump. They weren't affected by COVID because they don't watch TV and it's just a really amazing man. It's amazing. I'm going to tell you, this is the first time I've seen a Trump sign being a flag being flown on the back of a buggy from the horse and buggy from the Amish country. A lot of people don't realize this, but outside of Philadelphia and Pittsburgh, it is Trump country. I mean, those two, those two obviously very liberal cities are Democrat run seat, but in between there and everywhere else in the state of Pennsylvania really is a very conservative state after all. It really is. And those pictures you're seeing Amish buggy parade, I helped put that together. And that's the very first political Amish buggy parade ever in history. And they came out even more than next week. That's the first one. And you know, when you talk to the Amish, they're just so down the earth. They're wealthy in so many different ways. They're, they're diets, they're family, the children are well behaved, the work ethics there. And they just have a lot of admiration for Donald Trump and the family. They always asked me about Eric, about Don Jr. and Ivanka, all of the children. And we just can't say enough that when I send you some pictures later on this week, and next week of what we're able to pull off here, this sort of scared the pants off of the Democrats. Okay. Because they can't pull up and the Amish love mail in voting because you know, a lot of them don't want to go stand in line and the polls and some of them don't mind. And you'll see, I've sent some pictures in where you can see them lined up blocks long standing in line there. And they are dynamic. We got to go. I got to tell you, I've heard voters for Trump. I've heard bikers for Trump. I've heard blacks for Trump. I've heard Hispanics for Trump, women for Trump. And now I've heard Amish for Trump. Chris Cox is getting it done in between the liberal cities. The strongholds, Chris Cox. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. All right.