 It's about to be a very busy Labor Day for Democrats who are courting union voters in battleground states. Vice President Kamala Harris will join President Biden in Pittsburgh, their first joint campaign event since he stepped aside, and she became the nominee. Former President Donald Trump, meantime, and is running mate Senator JD Vance, don't have any events today, but Trump returns to Pennsylvania on Wednesday. CBS News campaign reporter Aaron Navarro is joining us now with more on the Harris team's movements. Good to see you, Aaron. The Harris Waltz campaign is doing a Labor Day blitz with some help from President Biden. We know that the union vote is typically a dependable vote for Democrats, but Republicans have been putting effort into chipping away at that. How important is the union vote, especially in these two states? Good morning, Anne Marie. There are just under 600,000 Labor Union members in Michigan, about 800,000 here in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and in what is expected to be a very close race, maybe even closer than 2020, both campaigns know every vote counts. And that's why you're seeing the Harris campaign do a full-on blitz, as you mentioned. The vice president's going to Detroit and then Pittsburgh, where I am later this afternoon. Governor Tim Walz is speaking at Labor Fest in Milwaukee. The second gentleman will be at an event in Newport News, Virginia. State Democrats are looking to keep not that competitive this November, but they know that the working class type of voter, that archetype is something that has historically been at least curious about former President Trump. Labor Union members and leaders are going to be watching very closely to see where the rank and file members lie, and if they shift in a meaningful way towards Republicans. Great point. I want to talk to you a little bit about some polling. The polling shows that the race remains definitely still in a dead heat. There's one big survey out Sunday, it's suggested Harris got no notable convention polling bounce, which I don't think is a complete surprise because, you know, once she shifted to the top of the ticket, there was this ground swell of enthusiasm, which, you know, one could say that would have been what happened after perhaps the DNC, instead she got it before. But Trump is also a little bit ahead in some key issues when we're talking about economy, you know, the inflation border security. How is the Harris campaign kind of working to close the gap on some of these key issues? Well, the Harris campaign stance is that they are still the underdogs in this race. They know they obviously saw a lot of momentum going into that convention, but the worry and the question on most of the Democratic faithful's minds that I when I was talking to them in Chicago is how do we keep this going? And in part, they see an opening to define Harris. They don't think that she is well known as well known, at least as former President Trump in most voters eyes. That's why they have $370 million reserved in ads from now until November. And that's why they're expecting to see lots of travel for her in the coming months as they try to cut into some of the margins, especially when it comes to the economy, they're going to tout her economic plan and what she has proposed to cut down taxes for middle class voters, as well as grocery prices, but it's going to be a task that they need to fill the next two months if they want to win this election. So we're just eight days away from the first presidential debate between Harris and Trump. You know, typically a candidate would scale back their travels because they would start to prep for debate. Harris really doesn't have that option. She's got to do both simultaneously. What do we know about how she's preparing? It's a truncated schedule. We know that she's going to be obviously traveling today. She's going to New Hampshire on Wednesday. The rest of the week is not yet known. We know that there is still debate over debates, the microphone issue and whether that will remain on, I'm told is still being negotiated with ABC, the network hosting that debate. Trump's team is okay with it being muted, saying it's the same rules as the CNN one. Harris over the weekend kind of go to Trump and saying that he believes that she believes his handlers don't want the mic to be on because they're afraid of what he might say. So we'll see how that gets resolved in the next coming eight days. You're right until the debate. All right, Erin. Thank you.