 Hello everybody and welcome back to Red Eagle Politics. Make sure you guys like this video down below and subscribe to the channel if you are new. So, we have a new poll that came out today from Harvard Harris. Not to be confused with Kamala Harris, but the poll shows that this race nationally is a dead heat. They have Harris at 49%, they have Trump at 48% in their poll. And this might be the final poll they end up dropping too. But do keep in mind that that's good for Donald Trump. If Kamala Harris is at 49% in the popular vote and Trump is at 48, she's probably going to be cooked in the electoral college, all things considered. Make no mistake, Donald Trump in the 2020 election, he didn't even get 47% nationally. It was a neck and neck election. In 2016, he only got 45.9% of the popular voters, somewhere in that range. But already right now, he sits at 48% in this poll, which is absolutely huge. He was never polling this high and the electoral college is what dictates the outcome. It's not the popular vote, it's the electoral college. And we've seen so many polls that have this race, you know, Harris plus two were under in the polls. We even have polls with Donald Trump winning the popular vote in some polls that have been very hostile to him or he's tied in the popular vote in those polls. That's not good news, but the more important takeaway is the battleground states because they pulled voters from battleground states and what did they exactly find? Donald Trump is at 50% in the battleground states, Harris is at 48%. So Donald Trump is a two-point lead in the states that actually matter. And you could say, well, some of those states are going to be, you know, to the right of the average. Some of those states are going to be to the left of the average. It doesn't tell us everything and that's very true. But you know, in terms of these big states, the big seven, we're talking about Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, and then Arizona, Georgia, North Carolina and Nevada. A lot of people really aren't saying Trump's going to be like winning any of those states by like three or four points to really skew the average. You know, maybe North Carolina is like that. Maybe let's say Michigan, for example, goes blue by a hair. This is a good poll for Donald Trump because if that's the average in those battleground states, that means that Donald Trump is probably going to end up winning the election, especially given the top line nationally. And it would confirm the three-point split that we're expecting between the popular vote and the electoral college. Somewhere between two to three percent is where it's going to end up. And we have other polling out of other swing states. And I wanted to take a look at it because it just shows how Donald Trump is in such a good position. But first, I have to tell you guys about our latest sponsor over at Ground News. This election is the most crucial election of our lifetime. I know we always say it, but it's usually very true, which is why it's important that we make sure that we get our news from sources that cut through the bias so we know what's really going on. Let's face it. The mainstream media is completely broken. Some even say it's the enemy of the people, which is why I recommend Ground News. They will take a topic and then they will compare coverage of the topic across different biased sources. And you can see which stories and key topics that interest you that the liberal media is hiding. Like this topic here about working class voters in the city of Philadelphia moving to the right, where you have 10 articles. It shows you how many articles there are, but the coverage is only 10 percent on the left. And this tool allows you to understand your perspective a little bit better so you can better educate your friends who are brainwashed by the mainstream media. And you can also compare every headline of the story to it's an awesome feature and using my link down below at ground news.com slash Red Eagle. You can join ground news with their special offer and say 40 percent on the same plan that I use the Vantage plan. Having a tool like ground news will help you sort through the bowl, especially in an election year. I highly recommend it. All right, guys, back to the video. So a lot of people think that Rasmussen is this right leaning pollster and it does have a right lean. It's true. I mean, the head pollster there is a Trump supporter wants Donald Trump to win. We understand that that's fine. Just like a lot of these pollsters from the mainstream media. We know which side they're on, but there's this kind of reputation that a Rasmussen is going to wildly overestimate Donald Trump in the swing states. And if you look at history, that's not entirely true. You have to look at Pennsylvania. They dropped a poll with Trump leading by three percentage points. He's at 50 percent and Kamala Harris is down there at 47 percent. But if you compare that to 2020 look at Rasmussen's final poll in the state of Pennsylvania, they had Biden leading by three points. Now they have Donald Trump leading by three points and we got a poll from the New York Times that shows the opposite. But here's the deal. The New York Times still doesn't understand how to pull the rust belt, especially when Donald Trump is on the ballot. And do you really think that Harris is going to do better than Joe Biden by nearly two points in the state of Pennsylvania? Current Harris compared to Biden in 2020? The answer is probably not. You would probably anticipate Donald Trump to do better. The question is, is it going to be by enough to win? Are we going to get the turnout necessary? It's why it's important people get out and vote, obviously. And you could say throw it in the average, but look at New York Times back then. New York Times back then they had Joe Biden leading by six percentage points. That's crazy. That's insane. The poll before that they had Biden up by seven. So you're kind of seeing the way that these polls go. Even Rasmussen's second to last poll, they had Biden up by three. So the fact that a lot of the pollsters and again, Rasmussen was technically the most accurate poll in the state of Pennsylvania in the aggregate, only a miss of 1.8%. All the other pollsters ended up missing by more than that. And of course, they're going to get demonized by the election mafia because they don't fit the narrative. Even if they released a Biden plus three poll, they wouldn't exactly, you know, bat an eye at it or they would be like, haha, this is proof. Trump is done. But now Donald Trump leads in Pennsylvania. How many polls have to be released with him in the lead? Again, you have one out of Rasmussen. You have one out of Emerson. You're talking about nonpartisan pollsters here. The Wall Street Journal is another one. They have Donald Trump in the lead Atlas Intel. Very accurate in 2020. They have a Trump plus three. Am I saying he's going to win the state by three? Yeah, probably going to be a little bit closer than that. It depends. We got to get out and vote. We got to make sure that he can get as many votes as possible out of the state of Pennsylvania. That's a hundred percent true. But the one thing that we do know is that Donald Trump is the favorite in Pennsylvania. He's the favorite even in Michigan. He's polling by up by 1% in the state of Michigan. That's the bluest of these seven states and you compare the polls now to the polls back then. He's the clear favorite even in Wisconsin. It's a dead heat toss-up in the polling folks. They had Biden winning the state by 6.3% this day in history. They had Hillary Clinton winning it by six points. We've seen massive polling errors in Wisconsin. A lot of people talk about the shy Trump voter. I think it's more the hidden Trump voter. I think the shy Trump voter was always kind of like a false way of explaining it, especially as pollsters nowadays typically don't poll by phone as much as they used to. It's a lot of like text online, you know, mixed modes, that sort of thing. And what we do know is that when you look at the polling now compared to the polling then Donald Trump is in a much much stronger position. It's not like he's barely in a stronger position. He's in a significantly stronger position and I'm not anticipating a six-point polling error again in Wisconsin. But do I think you could see Trump win the state by like two to three? Absolutely. It is possible the polls are going to overestimate Kamala Harris in Wisconsin, which they have for quite some time. And I know there's a myth out there that'll say, well, Donald Trump is only polling so well because right-leaning pollsters, they say, are flooding the zone. Well, here's the deal. The only reason why the polls were in off by like 10 or 11 points in 2020 in many cases were because you had these pollsters in the mix. All they can point to is 2022, which was a midterm year with a different electorate and a lot of pollsters did not wait for it properly by education and across every single party ID or party registration, whether people identified as Republican, Independent or Democrat, you had all of those designations vote a little bit more Democrat. Obviously, it depends on the race that we're talking about, but that's kind of why pollsters miss so badly in Michigan, in Wisconsin. And yeah, you did have some pollsters that were like flooding the zone, they will say, but you can't compare a midterm year to a presidential year. It's like using preseason football to predict the Super Bowl. You can't exactly do that. There's too many moving parts. It's a different electorate. You're going to have much higher turnout. You're going to have, you know, different educational demography within that electorate and some of these pollsters, they can't exactly account for it. Well, which is why, you know, some of these left-leaning pollsters in the midterms were more accurate than these right-leaning pollsters were in the midterm. And even if you want to compare like the polls today to the polls back then in a lot of these 2022 races, they were, you know, more accurate than the final aggregates were. But even, you know, putting that aside, let's talk about the polls in the aggregate. You have a lot of pollsters in here that are not these right-leaning polls. You have Emerson, you have Quinnipiac, which is not right-leaning at all. That is Trump up by four. You have in-state pollsters like Mitchell Research. They're showing Trump up. We've seen polls out of the Detroit Free Press and the Detroit News over the past month or so that also show Donald Trump is in the lead in Michigan. And even the New York Times could only pull a Harris plus one. So in terms of that argument, there's so many left-leaning pollsters even that have horrible track records in past elections, but they get a pass from the election mafia. But they're showing Trump's in a strong position as well. It's not just insider advantage. It's not just Trafalgar. Trafalgar is to the left of Quinnipiac of all polls. You look at Morning Compost like they're in the mix and they are a horrendous pollster with an awful track record. Their misses are awful. But for some reason, they can be in the aggregate and be legitimized. But you know, a poll like Trafalgar, which had one really bad cycle in 2022, they apparently need to be kicked to the curb. It's a double standard that these people have. Morning Compost missed by eight points in the popular vote in 2022. They don't get nearly as much blowback from these people because the election mafia, they care about setting the narrative and they try to bully any pollster that does not exactly, you know, fit that narrative. They try to get them kicked out of the aggregates because they're upset that the numbers are not looking too good for them. And they'll scrutinize the hell out of polls that don't look good for them. But they will give, you know, polls that have far more red flags a total pass if they fit the narrative. And that's kind of what we see here. It's a recurring theme and pattern. And so while it's true that this election, it's not over. It's definitely not over. We have to keep fighting. But Donald Trump maintains himself to be in a very solid position. And the poll that we see out of Rasmussen, the polls that we see nationally, they all confirm it. And we hear these takes that are just insane. Like, oh, the reason why Republican registrations are going up down the stretch leading up to the election cycle is because never Trump. Republicans are the Republicans registering. It's like, no, that's not how it works. A lot of the people that are registering to vote to vote against Donald Trump, they're not typically going to be registered as Republicans. You know, maybe you get one or two of those people here and there, but that's not the lion's share of the people registering as Republicans or even independents for the record. Just want to throw that out there. But in terms of the electorate, it is true that we just have to keep breaking it down using the swingometer. And when it comes to a state like Pennsylvania where Trump is expanding his lead, it's just common sense. Use your common sense. Do you think that Kamala Harris is going to do as well with these white working class voters, you know, compared to somebody like Joe Biden? Of course not. There's even an argument to be made. She may not do as well as somebody like Hillary, you know, who did very poorly with these people. In fact, she may do worse in some places. It's true because she's even less of a solid candidate to appeal to these people in terms of that demographic. You could easily see Donald Trump make massive gains. You know, you're talking about close to 10 point gains with these types of voters, and that would put him at 50 percent. And even if he does lose some with, you know, white college educated voters, he loses some of these supporters. He's probably not going to lose a ridiculous amount of them from what we understand if they were able to stick with him twice in terms of the black voters. He's likely set to gain some. We could debate how much, but he's likely to gain some. He's likely to gain with Hispanic voters as well. And black turnout is poised to probably dip a little bit. And we kind of see this with the early returns in Allegheny County. It's the upscale wealthy suburbs that are the ones returning their ballots first and those typically lean left and they're moving to the left. But you know, all the other suburbs, you have your outer suburbs, you have the inner cities. Is Harris going to do as well as Biden did in those places? No, and that's the majority of the country because the majority of the country, they don't live in those upscale suburbs. Of course, the talking heads on the media, that's where they live, which is why they live in a bubble. And that's why they typically don't understand the electorate and they may accidentally get it right in like the midterms because those people are going to be overrepresented it vastly. Of the electorate in the midterms, but this is a presidential year. And when you look at these polls, even some of the Bellwether polls, oh, Trump is up in Erie. He's up in Northampton. I know the polls didn't have him up by like three to four and I'm not even saying he's going to win the state by this margin. But is it possible that he does well enough? It's absolutely possible. And when you look at some of these places, yeah, Bucks County, I could see it get closer. It could even flip. The registration data looks phenomenal for Republicans in most counties, even some of these other suburban counties. Harris is not really gaining a lot from 2020 and there's a lot of room that she apparently would have to grow. She's not exactly getting it, even if she's improving slightly. And there are working-class people that live in parts of Montgomery County, Delaware County, Chester County. You know, some of those counties might still move left, but it's possible they could even shift right because you have other demographics besides, you know, college-educated white voters that are going to be moving to the right more so than college-educated white voters can move to the left at this point. And I don't even think Harris is really that strong of a candidate when it comes to these like, you know, millennial men, for example, which, you know, typically when they grow up as well, they're going to be, you could argue, moving to the right. It's true. There is going to be a gender gap. We could also debate how much that's going to be and we got to get everybody voting, including men, because men voted, you know, rates that are a little bit less than women. So we need to close that gap and we need to get everybody out and voting register. If you haven't yet, make sure you do the homework as well. The links on the community tab. If you want to volunteer, you want to help out a little bit goes a very, very long way in a very close election. So anyways, guys, thanks for watching this video. Like this video down below, comment down below, subscribe to the channel, hit the bell for notifications. So you never miss another video. Follow me on social media. The links are all in the description down below. And I will see you guys in the next one. Red Eagle out.