 They have been relentlessly attacking each other on the campaign trail and now Vice President Harris and former President Trump will be coming face to face for tonight's debate. Natalie Brand is in Philadelphia to explain how the candidates have been preparing for the debate stage. The stage is now set for the first face-off and meeting between former President Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris. The debate taking place in the hotly contested battleground state of Pennsylvania where voters will be closely watching. What are you expecting from this debate? I'm expecting hopefully answers. I really would like to see what both candidates are able to bring to a public stage directly addressing our nation. And with Harris only recently becoming the Democratic nominee, voters say they want to hear more about her policy proposals. Tony DiUlio, an independent, says he will be listening for substance and style. Really what's important is somebody that can articulate their ideas, listen, respond well. I want to see civility. That's one of the things I feel like we've been missing a lot of recently. On Capitol Hill, Trump allies advised him to steer clear of personal attacks. I think President Trump would be wise to explain how he would change the country, stay away from the personal stuff, talk about policy differences. Democratic leaders expect Harris will lean into her experience as a prosecutor to go after Trump and detailed differences between the two. A stark contrast in two candidates. One who's a seasoned prosecutor who's going to make her case and one who is a felon. The 90 minute debate will have no studio audience. Candidates are not allowed pre written notes on stage and microphones will be muted when it's not their turn to speak. CBS News has learned she even had a phone call with the 2016 Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton to get her advice on debating Donald Trump. Sources say Trump meanwhile has had less formal debate prep, though he has been getting some help from Florida Congressman Matt Gates and also former Democratic Congressman Tulsi Gabbard. You may remember debated Harris back during 2019 Democratic primary season. Liz back to you, Natalie. Thank you. Now we talked to some Bay Area voters ahead of tonight's debate and one person told us Trump's rhetoric specifically around immigration is too divisive. If Trump wins, he's always anti, you know, like kick, let's kick everybody out and build a brick wall. I think humans are humans and everybody deserves a fair chance, you know, to make a living and make their Children, their Children's place, their Children's place and it divides Children and families and moms. You know, if they get sent back to wherever country they're from. Now, it's important to note that many people we talked to so that they're afraid to say who they are voting for because of the deep partisanship in the country right now. Some even said they were worried it would hurt their businesses. Meanwhile, Governor Newsom is expected to be in Harris's spin room tonight. Today on CBS mornings, he said he is confident that she will dominate the debate, but no, she'll face some tough questions. There's been inflation scars. That's real. She's got to acknowledge that and obviously that's gonna be a big part of this debate, the issue of economy, but the issue of cost of living and she has taken that on as it relates to her policy agenda or focus and that's the compelling future. That's where she can turn the page on the last few years and talk about things that Joe Biden as the incumbent president cannot in time. The Trump campaign said its goal is to quote prosecute Kamala Harris, dangerously liberal record. They also said Trump knows Pennsylvania voters better than her. He understands the issues that they are facing. He delivered for them in his first term. He supported our energy independence. He supported good paying energy jobs in the fracking industry here in Pennsylvania. The Trump campaign also said that Trump knows Harris's record well from her time as attorney general of California and San Francisco's district attorney and is ready to discuss her policies. Now we know the economy is the number one issue for voters coming up after the break. I'll ask a political expert what the candidates have to do to convince voters they have the best plan for their pocketbooks. We'll be right back.