 Let's pivot now to Libby Cathy. She's following the Trump campaign this morning for us. So Libby, let's talk about Donald Trump. And he's headed to Georgia. Early voting has already begun. And there are some new rules in the state Republicans have been lobbying for. I saw Speaker Mike Johnson on Face the Nation talking about the efforts that Republicans have made to change some of the rules, in his words, to prevent election fraud, even though most folks say that there isn't widespread election fraud. But what are you hearing about his plans today? Yeah, good morning, Vlad. So former President Donald Trump returning to battleground Georgia today for two campaign events. The first is a town hall. And this one is notable because it's an all-female audience. This comes, of course, as we know, Trump is struggling to close that gender gap with Vice President Kamala Harris. More men gravitating to him, but more women, by and large, gravitating towards her. So this is part of that effort to court suburban women. That's what we're going to see today, and as well as black voters. After that town hall, he has a rally here in Atlanta, Georgia. And that message is going to be, get out the vote and get out the vote early. A little bit different than what we heard from him in 2020. And we do hear him walk on that message a little bit sometimes. But his campaign wants him to say, get out the vote early here in Georgia, as early voting is underway behind me three weeks to go until the election is left. So Libby, we were just showing some video from a campaign event yesterday that the president was talking about. And we're going to start with that with Christy Noem, governor of South Dakota. Let me ask you about that, because I know you've been covering the Trump campaign for a long time. There's a moment that a lot of people are talking about this morning where the former president just stood on stage for 30 minutes awkwardly while a greatest hits of his favorite songs played. And people filed out of that auditorium, or that space, wherever that was. Can you tell me about that, what the campaign is saying this morning about what the former president was signaling? Trump was a town hall in Oaks, Pennsylvania last night. And for lack of better words, it kind of went off the rails. People are calling it bizarre this morning. But the Trump campaign is calling it, quote, a love fest. They think that this was a show of love. And what this was supposed to be was a town hall moderated by Christy Noem, where Trump was answering questions from voters in Pennsylvania. But there were some medical incidents in the crowd. Two people ended up fainting. And after that, he never ended up taking questions again to the former president. He ended up at one point saying, no one wants to hear questions anyway. Let's just hear some music. And went on to play 40 minutes of songs. He stood on stage, kind of bopping and dancing. And people kind of just stood there. Some leaving, but some just videotaping the former president. So tonight, I think at this town hall in Cumming, Georgia, I think the women there are hoping to hear more answers from the former president. Maybe Harris Faulkner, the Fox News moderator, will keep it more on message. But last night, definitely more bizarre Trump event that we've seen this election cycle. And let me ask you one last question, Libby. Vice President Harris has been replaying some of former President Trump's words that he's used at his rallies and in certain interviews that indicate that he would use the military, for example, to go after his political opponents or leftists. In other words, talking about immigration, sure, which a lot of people say is a problem, but also saying that he's going to use the powers of the federal government to go after his political enemies. I wonder if the Trump campaign has responded to the vice president's use of his own words at her rallies to rally voters to her cause. Yeah, well, you bring up this enemies rhetoric. This came on Sunday. The former president interviewed with Fox News said that there are enemies from within as well and talked about, yes, using the military to get at those enemies. And it was talked about using the military even before taking office again if he were to. Vice President Kamala Harris is saying, listen to the former president's words, let them speak for himself. She says these are the words of an autocrat, someone who is threatening to use the military in this way. And yes, we've heard him talk about using military with immigration. And of course, Vice President Kamala Harris denounced some of that as well. But this takes it to another level using it on political enemies. He talks about Nancy Pelosi and Harris herself. So this is why the vice president Kamala Harris just says, let Trump's talk, speaking, do the arguments for them. They think that he can dig his own hole, if you will. But today in Georgia, the Trump campaign, definitely hoping he stays on message trying to court those suburban women voters. And Georgia Governor Brian Kemp, we're not sure if he's gonna be on the campaign trail with Trump today, but Trump does know he's hugely popular in this state. Did see, was seen with him earlier this month for Hurricane Helene efforts. And last time Trump had a rally in Atlanta, I will say he told this huge crowd of supporters that Trump, that Kemp, excuse me, is disloyal. We'll see if he changes that messaging three weeks out with the hugely popular governor and other Republicans in the state. He'll be watching and trying to make sure that there's no efforts to overturn the election again. This time, as you say, he is still under criminal charges here in Fulton County for that. And we'll see those continue as Nathan Wade is answering questions at the house today. Lots going on, Blatt. Yeah, I'll be looking forward to seeing how that interaction, if there is one, between the governor and the former president, happens. Libby Cathy, for us, always excellent reporting and analysis. My friend, thank you very much. We appreciate it.