 Meanwhile, Pennsylvania bakery is dipping into politics and voters are eating it right up. Loshall's bakery located in the Philadelphia suburbs of the key swing state is running a tongue in cheek cookie poll. It's correctly called the next president three out of four times since 2008. Here with us is bakery owner Kathleen Loshall. Kathleen, welcome to the show. Good morning. I see a lot of delicious snacks behind you. First, I wanna ask which candidate is leading so far? Currently Trump is in the lead. Okay. And you've been making candidate cookies since 2008. Like I mentioned, your sales correctly predicted the winners of the first three elections. 2020, Donald Trump lost to Joe Biden. Your prediction was a bit off. I know hindsight is 2020, but looking back at it now, any idea what happened? I just think that it brought people together in 2020. You know, we always had a line. They wanted to support small business and the numbers were wrong. I mean, it's not scientific. It's for fun. It's just a delicious way, I think, to get the stress off the election and all the political ads. So whatever color cookie they're coming in for, we're happy to give them. Yeah, I couldn't agree with you more. It just puts a smile on her face as even looking at these cookies. Your bakery though is flooded with orders. I've heard people are driving for hours to buy your cookies in person, or even shipping orders to Alaska and Hawaii. Those are some of those boxes. How many cookies do you expect to sell this year? I definitely think we will surpass the 2020 numbers. We're about 75% there. I will release the new tally on Tuesday. All that you see behind me is all shipping ready to leave on Tuesday. So there is a significant amount. People are driving for hours. We had people from Rhode Island here yesterday, Connecticut, because they can get it faster than I can ship it. It's fantastic. It's amazing to see the support that we had for our small business. Now I should mention, Donald Trump recently posted on Truth Social. He said he was a head of Harris when it comes to the polls. Does that typically boost sales when one of the candidates says something like that? Yes, I definitely think so. I definitely see them sharing our posts. He just did the other day on the Team Trump Facebook page. We've seen a lot of support from the Republican party for our cookies. I haven't seen it so much for the blue side right now, nationally, but we hope to. We see the customers coming in to buy them. There's a lot more shipping going out in the next week for the blue cookies. So I do think all that social media attention does help, absolutely. I have to say, I'm looking at these cookies. They look delicious. You said the poll to your point. This is just a fun way to take off the heat off the election. But what are you hearing from customers on the ground? What are they saying when they're coming into your bakery and buying these delicious cookies? So in store, they are pleasant. They are happy. They're not just purchasing the cookies. They're buying donuts. They're buying cupcakes. So there's a tremendous support here with the people coming in, regardless of the color cookie. Social media, however, they can get a little hairy. There's some negative comments that I try to control my best. But in store, it is fantastic, honestly. They are just wonderful. And I'm happy to see them come out and support us. Oh, the team and I, we're already wondering how we're going to get our hands on those cookies. In the control room, they're telling me how delicious they are. Thank you. Of course. Now, Kathleen, you are a third generation small business. That seems to be thriving. I love to hear that. It sounds like the cookie poll has been great. What is your secret to small business success? I really think, especially now more than ever, social media needs to be utilized as best as possible. It's free advertising. I also believe that any small business needs to think out of the box. Especially now, with the cost of everything, they need to be creative, find a different niche, advertise that. Because I do feel you can be very successful when you do that. I believe there's a whole world of business out there for different products. Kathleen Loeschel, well, thank you so much. Good luck keeping up with all the delivery demands. We appreciate your time. Thank you. Of course. Thanks for watching. Go to joinnn.com to find News Nation on your television provider. And don't forget to click the red Subscribe button below to get more of News Nation's fact-driven, unbiased coverage.