 This area we stand on was a little over three years ago was nothing but a forest. It was a tree, all trees. It was very high, very steep. It was basically all that anybody and the old people could do was allow the timber to grow. It's definitely helped the financial benefits as far as the community continues to do well because they're getting royalties off of the gas wells. So that's a good thing. So you better think this gas, it ain't going to be here forever. By God, I'll tell you, it's a means of supply and what they're running around here complaining in this and it's these radicals. As far as my opinion, I believe the man has enough common sense to realize that this is a source of income. It's a source of bargaining in the world. I grew up in a coal mining community not far from here. And it's sad to see the state of a lot of those places. But with the oil and gas, they established a new tax structure in Pennsylvania to where a lot of the money is diverted back to the local communities, the counties. I believe that your word is your bond, like your word should matter. So the fact that somebody said even recently, like I guess Kamala changed her opinion about fracking. Like if you said that years ago that you're going to shut down fracking and you're not going to allow fracking, well, I believe as Americans we should honor each other's word. With politics aside, fracking has been positive, I would say, all around. So to be anti fracking is kind of like being anti farmer. How do you get rid of the farmer? You can't really get rid of the farmer. You know, now that fracking has worked as well as it has, there was a point in time, at least when Trump was president, that we were energy independent. I thought that was a pretty good thing for the economy, a pretty good thing for America. We don't have any active wells on our farm, but I know that we get residuals from mining underneath, like the gas being extracted that way. So I know, like personally, we're not thrilled about the environmental impact of it, but we know that the money is important to people. There's too much money and momentum behind fracking as an industry. Like it'll, it's going to happen no matter who, like really from the, no matter a Democrat or Republican at this point, like it's going to happen. It's bought and sold already. The deals are done.