 Anybody who's about beating down other people is a coward! This campaign is about a recognition that frankly over the last several years there's been this kind of perversion that has taken place I think. Which is to suggest that the measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down when what we know is the real and true measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you lift up. Anybody who's about beating down other people is a coward! Anybody who's about to beat down other people is a coward! Anybody who's about to beat down other people is a coward! The most recent poll for the New York Times shows Harris is closing in on Donald Trump in a number of swing states. She's ahead in Arizona and North Carolina and narrowing his lead in Nevada and Georgia. Meanwhile, Trump has enlisted the help of former Democrat Tulsi Gabbard to prepare for his upcoming debate with Harris. Sam, Ms Gabbard, debated Harris back in 2019 during the Democratic primaries. Is that a smart choice? In 2020, Kamala actually had to pull out before it even went there because she couldn't even make the primary. Back to my previous point, there's such a thing as a good resignation, right? She knew when she pulled out earlier. It was a good idea, right? It kind of worked out well for her. When Kamala was Vice President, she got a 28% approval rate, which is lower than, I think it was Mike Pence, lower than Dick Cheney, and lower than Biden. She's got the lowest ever polling for things like that. And then what, five minutes ago all of a sudden? Even this vote was even the Vice President she polled for. That was the Vice President polling. She got the lowest ever on record. And I'm sorry, but I just feel like all of this is so manufactured. It would appear that, like, look at the mainstream media, how they talk about it. They have buzzwords like joy. She brings joy to this. She has this. And then they talk about the Vice President nominee, J.D. Vance, as weird. And every title is weird. You just got to look it up and you just go, it's just a joke. It's just a stage. It's all programming. They want us to believe she's popular. That was Tim Bultzer's whole messaging. And the media just picked it up. And I have no doubt that CNN, MSNBC and all that are all in for Kamala. But I think Kamala is picking up a pretty big anyone but Trump vote that Joe Biden simply couldn't because people were thinking, well, one guy's a bit out there and a bit crazy and a bit offensive and a bit of a cowboy. But the other guy's just melted ice cream. His brain is just not functioning. So maybe I'll take a chance with a guy who's out there. It's with a guy who's actually lucid enough to not hit the nuclear button. But now that Kamala is there, everything she's done has been really well scripted. It's been really slick and polished. She hasn't had to face an election debate yet. And on that, I mean, there's a lot of speculation that the minute she actually has to do that and debate Trump, that's when it's quite possible. She's going to have to do all the press conference, which she has refused to do. How do you see this going? It's ridiculous, actually, if you're refusing to front the press or even start to at least outline some of your policies. I mean, Trump's already spoken about it at one of his recent rallies in which he said that her proposals now for putting a tax on food and all the rest of it. He's calling her comrade Kamala now because she's trying to institute communism. But just after 2016, I'm so done with polls. Right. Look at what the end, especially it's fascinating that a lot of these polls are coming out of the New York Times again, because on October 18, 2016, the New York Times reported that Hillary Clinton had a 91 percent chance of winning against Trump. And here we are again in 2024 talking about how even the race is, etc. I'm waiting for November, to be honest, and I'm waiting for that debate in September because I think that's really going to show us what we're up against here and how the two stack up against one another.