 Turning now to the US campaign trail, Vice President Kamala Harris takes an indirect jab at her Republican rival Donald Trump. During a campaign stop in Pennsylvania, Harris suggested Trump as a coward, whose politics focused on putting down rivals. This campaign is about a recognition that frankly over the last several years there's been this kind of perversion that has taken place I think. Which is to suggest, which is to suggest that the measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down. When what we know is the real and true measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you lift up. That's what we see as strength. We know what strength looks like. That's what strength looks like. Anybody who's about beating down other people is a coward. Opinion polls have shown Harris bringing fresh energy to the Democratic campaign and closing the gap with former President Trump both nationally and in many battleground states. Over in Chicago, delegates are arriving for this week's Democratic National Convention. The event will see US Vice President Kamala Harris and Minnesota Governor Tim Walz officially nominated as the party's ticket for the November election. Top Democrats including US President Joe Biden, former Presidents Barack Obama and Bill Clinton as well as former First Ladies Michelle Obama and Hillary Clinton are all expected to deliver speeches. We have an amazing ticket with Vice President Kamala Harris at the top with Governor Tim Walz who are two people who understand the struggle of the everyday American, the working class and will fight for them when they're elected in November. So I certainly love Joe. I think he's been a fantastic President. I believe that he has not gotten the full credit for the accomplishments he's done in office. But I also certainly understand the feeling that we now have with a new generation stepping forward. So with Vice President Harris and Tim Walz leading the ticket, I think it's really finally showing that the Democratic Party is truly committed to being the forward-looking party. As a young Democrat, that really matters to me. Illinois is a reliably Democratic state voting for the Democratic candidate in every presidential election since 1992. The DNC will kick off Monday, August 19 and run until Thursday, August 22. Now, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken now in a visit aimed at intensifying diplomatic pressure to achieve a Gaza ceasefire deal. In his 10th trip to the region since the war began in October, the top US diplomat will meet with senior Israeli leaders including Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. The mediating countries, the US, Qatar and Egypt, have so far failed to narrow differences to reach an agreement. Hamas also raising fresh doubts as it accuses Netanyahu of trying to set new conditions in order to blow up the negotiations. Meanwhile, the violence continued unabated Sunday with Israeli strikes killing 21, including six children, according to Palestinian health authorities. Israel has denied targeting civilians as it continues to hunt down Hamas militants. Israeli police investigating an explosion that killed one person and injured another in Tel Aviv Sunday. Police have confirmed the blast was caused by a bomb. It adds they are investigating all angles, but it appears to have been a terrorist attack. Local media has reported the explosion was caused by a bomb carried by the lone fatality. Over in Russia, Russia denies there have been indirect talks with Ukraine on halting strikes on civilian infrastructure facilities. The Washington Post reported Sunday Moscow and Kiev were set to send delegations to Qatar this month to negotiate a landmark agreement halting strikes on energy and power infrastructure on both sides. The Post said the agreement would have amounted to a partial ceasefire, but the talks were derailed due to Ukraine's incursion into Russia's Kursk region. Russia's foreign ministry says there was nothing to break off while Ukraine has yet to respond to the report. Russia and Ukraine have both accused each other of striking civilian infrastructure, with both denying doing so. More than 20 people were injured after a fairy's wheel caught fire at a German music festival. The fire started on one gondola, which then spread to a second one. Four people suffered burn injuries and one from a fall. Others were examined for possible smoke inhalation. The cause of the blaze has yet to be determined. The accident took place at the Highland Festival, one of the biggest rock music festivals in the region, with up to 25,000 attendees. Let's find out what stories our North America bureau is pursuing right now from our bureau chief, TJ Manotok. Good morning to our friends at the rundown. Here are the top stories making the headlines to the North American region. Asian American community leaders and elected officials are coming together in support of a Los Angeles county proposal to give Asian Angelenos a voice when it comes to the county's government, while also cracking down on corruption. A proposal to expand the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors from five members to nine, and to create an ethics commission, will make it to the November ballot. Filipino community leaders believe the added board members would foster more engagement with the residents and their local governments. There will be better service for residents. There will be more connection to the Board of Supervisors. There will be more opportunities for residents to make their voices heard. The proposal also creates an elected county executive and an ethics commission that local elected IFLAM officials believe is needed as local governments and officials have been embroiled in controversy in recent years. This new wave of leaders that we're going to elect will be held accountable, and then they have to be reminded that there are rules that we have abide by. And so it's a long time coming that we've had this, to have this reform. Isn't it a little beneath you to buy a sexy outfit to make me jealous? It's immature, and it's using my body for spite. Okay, I've talked myself back into it. And finding entertainment news, Sam Morelos plays Nikki Velasco in the Netflix sitcom That Nighty Show. The feisty and lovable character wasn't originally written as Filipino, but this changed when Morelos booked a role. In the show's part two that premiered early this year, Morelos got to display her singing talent for the first time in the series. She jokes that aspect of her character establishes her Filipino background even more. It was such an incredible experience because I get to use all of my, I guess, talent or knowledge and prowess. No one knew that I sang before. People on set see a different side of me than when I'm at home or when I'm like alone with my guitar and things like that. So I felt really good and really proud to be able to show that off. And it also, again, speaks to Nikki's Filipinos because if she wasn't able to sing, is she really Filipino? The 19-year-old Morelos also recently finished filming a lead role in the upcoming Hulu film Summer of 69. Part three of That Nighty Show premieres in August 22. And those are the top stories making the headlines in the North American region. You can catch more of our TFC News on our website, news.abs-cbin.com slash TFC News. And head on over to the ABSCB News YouTube channel. I'm TJ Monotok. Back to our friends at the rundown. A new Alien film for sci-fi fans, a family adventure and an action comedy. Manny the Movie Guy tells us what's new in theaters and on streaming. Welcome to the Romulo Space Station. Set between the events of the first and second Aliens, the seventh installment in the Alien franchise takes us back to space where no one can hear you scream. Inspirations is all the movies. Director Fede Alvarez, who also co-wrote the script, finds a common ground to satisfy both fans of the first Ridley Scott film and the James Cameron sequel. Alvarez captures the haunted house in space vibe from Alien and the action-packed sci-fi adventure of Aliens. The result is an homage to the franchise while simultaneously moving the story for later. This time, a group of young space colonists discovers a derelict space station. But what they find inside is the most terrifying life form in the universe, the Xenomorph. The filmmakers follow a formula, so there are some predictability factors, but they know how to tell a scary story that will make you, well, scream. And for that, Alien Romulus gets three out of four. They mostly come out at night. Kisses. Also in theaters, my penguin friend. Inspired by a true story of a Brazilian fisherman who rescues a lost penguin named Din Din from an oil spill. What follows next is an incredible adventure that will touch your heart. You know, very simple act that becomes like a little miracle. Helping director David Sherman retell them the rocket is the story is Jean Renoux. He injects his character with quiet moments of joy and redemption. We have to take care of the Earth through stories like that. Big, big, big, big, big, big, big congrats again on my penguin friend. A penguin out of water story that's perfect for the entire family. We all need to Din Din in our lives. It's true. Thank you. Is he our pet? Not my pet. He's my friend. And for that, my penguin friend gets three out of four. The undying bond between men and animals. Kisses. And in prime video, check out Jackpot. I realized it was hilarious and had a lot of heart and a chance to do a lot of really big action. Bridesmaids director Paul Feig also gave us a simple favor and the heat mixes all the genres to give us this fun action comedy. It's like Bruce Lee meets The Hunger Games with a little bit of squid game thrown in for good measure. Set in Los Angeles 2030, after the Great Depression of 2026, according to the movie, a grand lottery has been newly established in California. But there's a catch. Kill the winner before sundown to legally claim their multi-billion dollar jackpot. Aquafina plays that unsuspecting winner. She's my jackpot. What is happening? Helping her survive is John Cena, a freelance lottery protection agent. I hope they see jackpot and I hope they're entertained. Plus, it works really well because you and Aquafina have great chemistry. Treat people what you want to be treated. You dare face me. It's the chemistry that will charm you all the way to the end. How's it look? I'm Ihan. And both Feig and Aquafina have great things to say about our own Dali de Leon, who steals some scenes in the movie. I first saw her in a triangle of sadness and she's amazing in that. And so we were like, I wonder if we could get her. And it turned out she was available and wanted to do it. So I pinched myself on the set every day because she's so talented and she's so wonderful and lovely. No, it was a real true honor to work with that. That was so cool when I when she signed on. That was like very cool. Yeah. And for that, jackpot gets three out of four worth killing four kisses. I'm Manny the movie guy for ANC.