 With just over a month to election day, both candidates are busy on the campaign trail. Vice President Kamala Harris is making multiple stomps in Michigan on Friday, a crucial battleground state in this race. During a rally in Flint, Harris highlighted her plans for what she called an opportunity economy and vowed to put middle-class working families first. Look, our economy is making good progress. Just this morning, we got a solid jobs report, right? Over 250,000 jobs created last month, unemployment fell, and just a few weeks ago, the Federal Reserve cut interest rates, which helps. But there's still more we need to do. Prices for everyday things like groceries are still too high. You know it and I know it. And I have a plan on lowering costs on everything from health care to groceries, including taking on corporate price gouging. Meanwhile, former President Donald Trump toured hurricane damage in Georgia earlier today, before participating in a town hall event in North Carolina. During the town hall with voters, Trump spoke about the economy criticizing Harris's policies. And these clowns took over and what they've done to our country between that and so many other things, what they've done to our country. But you know, I view inflation was the worst we've ever had. I think they say, oh, it was only at 48 years. Somebody, one of the fake news back there, they corrected me one time. They said, no, 48 years. Oh, okay. But it wasn't. I believe it was the worst that we've ever had. And that's been one of the big problems. But to me, and I know that you talk about the bad economy, you talk about all of the costs and the costs are so bad. To me, the worst is the border, because it's like what they're doing is they're destroying our country. And it's not easy. We're going to get them out. We're going to have the largest deportation in history. I'm not proud to say that either. But it's a tough thing to do. On Saturday, Trump will hold a rally in Butler, Pennsylvania, returning to the site of that first assassination attempt back in July. CBS News chief White House correspondent Nancy Cordes is following the Harris campaign in Flint, Michigan for us. But we're going to start with CBS News political correspondent Caitlin Huey Burns in Butler, Pennsylvania. So Caitlin, why did the Trump campaign want to return to the scene of that deadly assassination attempt? Well, Lana, this has been in the works for a while now, the Trump campaign wanting the former president to return to the scene of the crime, essentially, to show defiance in this campaign. And it's hard to kind of overstate how seminal a moment this was, that first assassination attempt, not only in American politics, but specifically when it comes to Trump and his supporters. I've been covering this campaign for a while now, talking to supporters that moment, not only unified kind of the Republican Party base around the former president, but also for his supporters, endeared them further to him. Every time, you know, they mention it, they talk about how that moment really kind of solidified in their view his reason to campaign and in their hopes ascend to the presidency once again. So he's coming back here to Butler, nearly three months after that first assassination attempt. But in those three months, of course, everything in the political world has changed. And I remember being here at the anchor desk, watching that live and the shock as it happened, given that he is returning to this rally. And as you said, so much has changed. How will this differ from a typical event? Well, fundamentally, the security presence here, as you can imagine, is extremely enhanced. You can see a little bit of it behind me. There's been a lot of activity here today, but we're outside the fairgrounds where Donald Trump will be speaking tomorrow night, the same exact location that he was speaking about three months ago when those shots rang out. U.S. Secret Service has expanded the security perimeter. Where we are standing right now is outside that perimeter, but everything behind me is already shut down more than 24 hours before he's set to take the stage. And they'll also have Secret Service personnel stationed not only inside the security perimeter, but outside as well, including on that roof where it is sure fired those shots. So security very tight here and also involving lots of different kinds of federal law enforcement as well as local law enforcement as well. And I can say just covering the rallies since that assassination attempt, most of them have been held indoors to make sure they are secure. He is now there is now glass in front of him when he speaks. He has had very few outdoor rallies since then. And tomorrow will be another one. All right. We want to turn now to Vice President Kamala Harris. So Nancy, we've learned that former President Barack Obama is expected to soon hit the campaign trail for Harris. How is he expected to be involved in the campaign? Well, we're told he's going to be crisscrossing the country over the final 27 days of this race, Lana, starting in Pittsburgh, in Pennsylvania on Thursday, the biggest battleground state. And then he'll just go from there. He's not going to be appearing with Vice President Harris. This doesn't sound that way right now. He's going to be appearing on his own because he's still a big draw within the Democratic Party. He is beloved. He may even have some supporters who feel more strongly about him than they do about Kamala Harris. So he is a surrogate just like all the other big surrogates that are being deployed in this final month. Anyone who doesn't have a big race of their own and is a boldface name of the following, whether it is Bernie Sanders, whether it's Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, they're all hitting the campaign trail right now on behalf of Kamala Harris. And Nancy, we certainly hear a lot of enthusiasm from the crowd behind you, but we can still sort of pick up what you're saying. I want to get a little bit more of a sense of Harris's message for Michigan voters because we know that both Harris and Trump have spent a lot of time there in Michigan. Right. So Kamala Harris, when she's here in Michigan, she's really hammering home the fact that it was the Biden-Harris administration that passed this massive inflation reduction act, which contains billions of dollars worth of grants and subsidies and credits and incentives for green energy and especially important here in Michigan for green vehicles, incentives to buy them, but more importantly here in Michigan, incentives to build them, incentives to convert factories into electric vehicle factories. And some of that money has gone out the door already, Lana. Some of it has not. And when JD Vance, the Republican vice presidential nominee, was here the other day, he was asked point blank, if you're the vice president, Donald Trump is the president, are you going to allow the rest of that money to go out the door to blow here to Michigan to build those plans? And he did not say yes. He said, well, we've got to look at everything. Some of that money actually is a point in China. We don't like that. And Trump himself has said that he's going to put a moratorium on all federal grants when he gets in office if he is elected. So that's something that is of concern to the automotive industry here in Michigan, which of course is the economic driver of prosperity here in Michigan with thousands and thousands of jobs. Very important policy difference. Nancy Cordes and Caitlin Huey Burns, thank you both.