 This I also like just from a rhetorical standpoint, part of like, I think the response that you're talking about in terms of like the press and the way that they're addressing her economic proposals and we should say like, you know, from what we know, at least in the speeches and we'll be playing this David Dayne interview tomorrow and he said that during her speeches, she's still bringing up the 5% rent control, national rent increase cap. Right. That's good. Here's Harris answering questions to the press and this is a market change. I know this is going to seem sort of subtle to people, but this is a market change from where we were 10, 15 years ago when the best way to get a Democrat to stop talking about policies that would support people would be to pretend like there was some type of like deficit hockery and that they needed to justify these things, which was all just garbage. It was all BS anyways. But here is Harris with a decidedly different rhetorical approach to this age old question that we get from the Beltway Press. Can you explain how you're going to pay for those? Can you give us a sense of what other policies you want to unveil? I mean, you just look at it in terms of what we are talking about, for example, around children and the child tax credit and extending the EITC. That is at $6,000 for the first year of the child's life. The return on that investment in terms of what that will do and what it will pay for will be tremendous. We've seen it when we did it in the first year of our administration. We reduced child policy by over 50%. So that's a lot of the work and then what we're doing in terms of the tax credits, we know that there's a great return on investment in moving increased homeownership in America. What that means in terms of increasing the tax base and not to mention property tax base, what that does to fund schools. Again, return on investment. I think it's a mistake for any person who talks about public policy to not critically evaluate how you measure the return on investment. When you are strengthening neighborhoods, strengthening communities and in particular the economy of those communities and investing in a broad-based economy, everybody benefits and it pays for itself in that way. Well, that's awesome. Yeah, the austerity politics of... And the media and everyone understands this when it's time to forgive, say, the funds given to businesses during the COVID pandemic. It's like, oh yeah, they didn't pay that back because, you know, it's just something we wanted to do. Or we're going to give $20 billion to Israel to fight a war. Where was the question of like, how are we going to pay for that? Where are the cuts associated with that? The question is deployed very strategically by the right in this country. And finally, honestly, it's the first time I've ever seen a candidate running for, certainly for like national office, you know, like a Democrat running for national office, but even, you know, in the general election. I mean, you know, Bernie Sanders would answer this way. But to see Harris basically, I'm not going to take the bait. We're investing in a better society. That's the payoff. I mean, that's how we pay for it. Yeah. That's good. Fart Wayne, we reduced child poverty by 40 percent and then we brought it right back, baby. Yeah, indeed. Thank you, Joe Manchin. We did. Would be an interesting dynamic. Would you rather have a 51 or 52 seat majority with cinema and mansion or a 50 seat majority with none of those with like maybe tester being the most conservative for Harris? It sort of depends on like, you know, there was like back in the in the days where like Joe Lieberman was around and, you know, Evan Bayh. I mean, there was like literally half a dozen, maybe a dozen of these guys. Obama had 60 for a little bit. Yes. He had 60 for I mean, it was a shorter period time than people think it was like closer to like, you know, 14 months, maybe because Franken didn't get seated until around this time after the election. Maybe it was July or and then Kennedy died on the other end. So it was not even a full two years. But that being said, there was the the idea was like regardless of where you put the filibuster, like they reduced the filibuster, you know, from 66 to 60, I think during that era, regardless of where you put the filibuster, a guy like Lieberman is going to put himself as the 59th or 60th vote. They're always going to move there so that they get that sort of like and that's what mansion has done, right? I mean, it took him a while to figure out how he would get there. And cinema did it because she had the cover of mansion. It's hard to know who has that disposition until they have the opportunity to be that person. It could be Fetterman. It could you know, we could see Fetterman doing that kind of thing. Although the child tax credit, the fact that that even JD Vance is disingenuously saying he's he'll do five thousand dollars. That's interesting, right? I mean, look at the then partisanship if she gets elected, it's all out the window. But maybe just means they'll something a little bit different, not saying you bring Republicans on board, but maybe it means something a little different for frontline Democrats. Four years coming from Connecticut supported a 55 year old or a Medicare buy in or dropping it to 55. I can't remember what it was. And it makes sense if you're supporting the interests of the health insurance industry, right? If we can offload as the insurance company, the offload people aged 55 to 65 onto the government, onto Medicare, our risk pool now has improved so we could charge the same amount of money. Our risk pool is better. And we still have a cohort of people who are the least likely to or less likely to need medical care. And we make more money. And Lieberman was for this. And then when it came up in the negotiations of the ACA, he turned against it just because he wanted to be the guy that everybody had to come to. He was that like I remember at the time thinking, like, how is it possible that someone's just completely insane ego and feelings of like, you know, so mad that he was rejected by a Democratic primary voters in Connecticut is going to like carry the day and change the outcomes for tens of millions of people. I mean, it was just fascinating to watch. It was gross. It was fascinating. Let's let's do this. Hey, folks, don't forget to hit the subscribe button and check out our daily show. We do it every day at 12 p.m. Eastern for about two and a half hours. We even take phone calls. You should check that out.