 Guys, welcome back to today's video. Today is Wednesday, August 7th, 2024, and today we are gonna be talking specifically about the state of Pennsylvania and two new batches of polls that show Kamala Harris in the advantage, according to a Democratic pollster, and tied, according to a Republican pollster, in a massive, massive shift relative to where President Biden was standing against President Trump in this election, in this battleground state. When Joe Biden dropped out of the race, Donald Trump led him by 4.5% in the state of Pennsylvania. Back in 2020, Biden led on election day in this state by 1.2%. The polls ended up being nearly entirely accurate. He ended up winning by 1.2%. And when you take a look, Donald Trump against Joe Biden in a rematch looked like it was on track for a very solid victory, 4.5% victory in Pennsylvania would practically have assured Donald Trump would have won this election against President Biden. And so seeing President Biden being down this much, the Democratic Party definitely took this into consideration when they were figuring out should Biden drop out of the race, should we replace him at the top of the ticket. And Pennsylvania alongside many other battleground states has seen quite significant shifts in favor of the Democratic contender now, Kamala Harris. And now that she has Governor Tim Walsom in the ticket, we have yet to see any Pennsylvania polls yet, but I do imagine that will offer a bump to Kamala Harris, even if marginal, any bump will help her, given that now in the most recent polls, she's either leading or tied in this state. Now, Pennsylvania has been a tricky one for Democrats. They've seen in recent elections, some very good luck with people like John Federman and Josh Shapiro winning in 2022, and then other circumstances where sometimes it's not as lucky. In 2020, they narrowly got by, and in some races, it really didn't work out the way that they thought it was going to be. Especially in 2016, Democrats held their convention in Philadelphia. There was actually a strong focus from the Hillary Clinton campaign on Pennsylvania, and yet she lost the state by roughly the same margin that she lost Wisconsin by, even though she had not visited Wisconsin just once, not even once, after the convention in 2016. And so Pennsylvania now turning into a state where Kamala Harris is either up, or according to this Republican pollster, I think that is the most really impactful part of this all, is that Republican pollsters and polls sponsored by the GOP typically come back with more favorable results. Reason being, a campaign will sponsor a poll, and they very much would like to see slightly more beneficial results than what we see on the actual polls. And I get it, it sort of does a bit of a self-service, but when some of these polls actually do get released publicly and the Republican pollsters are sponsoring them, they never want to come back to their base and their core donors and say, we're losing our own poll by a massive amount. So even in the extreme circumstances where race is Democrat plus 15, the Republican poll will show Democrats plus five. And so it'll encourage more donations, more enthusiasm, more volunteers, more energy, because it shows the tightening of the race. And so you will find that this Democratic sponsored poll probably is misleading in the sense that Kamala Harris is probably not up four points in Pennsylvania. I also believe that to be true. My video this morning I said, I believe Kamala Harris and Tim Walz will win this state by one to two points, but right now, a four point margin isn't far out from where it's closer to be. The Republican pollster showing a tie really reveals a lot about where we are right now. And so I think given that we've seen a massive, massive shift relative to President Biden, we can also see this translated to a massive, massive shift on the national level as well. And we'll talk about Pennsylvania in more of a specific way. But looking at the general election matchup, Kamala Harris now takes the lead. She's been leading in the five way for a little bit period of time. She's up 0.6% of the five way. Practically every recent poll here, besides Harvard Harris and Russ Musken, show Kamala Harris leading. You could also see in the two way race, practically every recent poll shows Kamala Harris leading. And so the 0.5% advantage here, while not certainly as impressive as Biden's plus six points in 2020, Hillary Clinton's even seven point advantage after the convention, we are finding that Kamala Harris is rebounding, especially relative to Biden, who again, when he dropped out, was down three points nationally. And so roughly a four point swing nationwide, well, what are we seeing in Pennsylvania? Roughly a five, six point lead. And I think that also makes a lot of sense. When you think about where Kamala Harris was really improving support on for, compared to Joe Biden, minority voters, specifically black voters, in some of the polls that we saw with Biden in Pennsylvania, he was losing ground from black voters compared to 2020. And it was massive, massive reductions. It wasn't just marginal, it was massive reductions. And sure, crosstabs are not a perfect science. And I really don't want to seem as if they are, treated as if they are. But what I do think is that they are a bit indicative of where we can see, because the crosstabs from poll to poll may not be the best science, but it does provide additional context. Because for instance, if we're seeing a poll that showed Biden down five across the state, and we see Kamala Harris now up either tied or up a few points, or down one point and massive improvements that are off minority groups, that Kamala Harris, as we've known from 2020 and 2024, has done, makes major improvements on relative to President Biden. That makes sense, because the data backs up what we already knew about the race. And so I think Kamala Harris really narrowing down this state too, also has now been translated to some of the political betting market odds. Now Donald Trump stands at the lowest point he has been in this entire past three months. I mean, since we've seen the debate, which was actually just less than two months ago, a month and a half ago, even prior to that, we saw that Joe Biden was starting to drop in the polls, starting to drop in support, the uncommitted vote started to get higher, the amount of democratic sentiment that was pushing away from the party was getting higher. But so Kamala Harris is now rising, rising, rising, whereas she also rising is the state of Pennsylvania relative to where President Biden was. Because three weeks ago, when he dropped out of the race, he was down in Pennsylvania quite tremendously. He was down in Michigan, he was down in Wisconsin. In fact, this number suggested New Hampshire was gonna be far more competitive, Maine was gonna be far more competitive, Minnesota, which is now not competitive at all, was gonna be far more competitive. And so Pennsylvania at specific here, I think with its 19 electoral votes also comes in at a unique point. Because this entire thing around the Veebs stakes and Josh Shapiro being the VP nominee, was that Democrats were worried that they couldn't win Pennsylvania in 2024 without Josh Shapiro. But what we know, based on data points, even before she announced Tim Wallace as the VP, and I do think he adds a lot, especially being from the Midwest, an election winner of 2020 and 2022 rather in 2018, he does well in the state, is that Pennsylvania, right now I have as a lean Democratic state, I do believe Kamala Harris and Tim Wallace can win it. And while it may not be the margin the Democrats were hoping for with Shapiro, its 19 electoral votes will still end up in the Kamala Harris column. Will they have to spend more money there? Sure, and I think that's a reasonable concern for some Democrats to have. At the same time, some Democrats were equally concerned about Josh Shapiro being on the ticket. That maybe because of his opinions on Israel-Palestine conflict, his opinions on school vouchers might do him damage in states like Michigan in an effort to win over Pennsylvania. The good thing about Tim Wallace, in terms of what political scientists were saying, was that while the margin may be narrower in Pennsylvania, it will be a win in Michigan. It may be a win in Wisconsin, and it certainly will be a win in the state of Minnesota. And so Kamala Harris now narrowing down even pre-VP selection in Pennsylvania goes to show that Democrats are in a far better position. Now, nuclear politics hasn't added in either of these polls, which I find to be interesting, but I've been very adamant with you guys from the very beginning. I don't think nuclear politics is a nonpartisan site. I think nuclear politics, as we've seen, based on social media, based on who runs it, is that they do very much have partisan beliefs. And while I do think that's entirely fair, right? We're all humans, human endeavor means you will have partisan beliefs, what they choose to put in their polling averages is unlike what we see on 538, which has Kamala Harris ahead in the 538 average, unlike what we see on VoteHub, unlike what we see on other organizations that do the same work. But nuclear politics, I'm only using as a point of reference because their website is really strong in comparison to some others, and also tells us a lot about where Biden was and where Harris is now, just as a point of reference, as a point of comparison, but I will say, I do not believe Kamala Harris is up by one point, sorry, Donald Trump is up by 1.8% in Pennsylvania right now, because what we have seen is a massive, massive reduction in terms of support from the past for Trump compared to when he was running against Biden. Even the Emerson poll, we can see here, has Trump up by two, which was a very good poll for Trump just right after the announcement. The poll taken right before the announcement had Trump up by five. So already a three-point swing, it's reasonable to believe now with three weeks of campaigning with a VP selection with millions of dollars poured into advertising and marketing and funding, that Pennsylvania is far more democratic. And I think that's exactly what these polls are revealing, that the true margin right now is somewhere around Kamala Harris being up by one to two points in the state. Tim Walz may not massively expand on that margin, but it solidifies it in a way that would only be solidified by him or Governor Josh Shapiro, and does really good, really, really good for the Kamala Harris campaign. I think Pennsylvania has been really, really important for the Democratic Party for quite some time. It's 19 votes without it, Democrats will lose the election. I mean, if Donald Trump is winning Pennsylvania, he's probably winning Wisconsin too, and so that's really not a good sign for the Democratic Party. But they do have a pathway forward with Pennsylvania now, with Tim Walz and Kamala Harris, and that's what the data has proven to us, that even the Republican pollsters, which try really hard to show Donald Trump the advantage point, show Kamala Harris tied and dead even, which is already a massive improvement off of where President Biden was when he was down five points. And Pennsylvania, again, doesn't stand alone in this characterization. We can take a look at Michigan, for instance, where Harris now leads by two points. Joe Biden was down two points in the state. That's a four-point swing. Pretty consistent if you ask me. In Wisconsin, Trump leads by 0.2%, it is so exceptionally narrow. Well, against Biden, Trump led by 2.9%. Some of the more egregious things we've seen, Arizona. Donald Trump led Joe Biden by six points in Arizona. Against Harris, he leads by just three, and in one of the most recent polls we've seen out of the state that's yet to be added to the average, I don't know if it will be, has Kamala Harris up one point in this state. In Nevada, Donald Trump leads Kamala Harris by four points, but that's including a poll that was inside her advantage that was taken earlier on before she was announced as the nominee. The only poll after she became the nominee has her up by two. And remember that Bloomberg Morning Consult number, because they did Trump versus Biden numbers. And what did they find? The Trump led by five. Same pollster, same group of people, same methodology, Trump plus five turned into Harris plus two. It's a consistent thing that we are now seeing. Kamala Harris make major improvements relative to President Biden. And while I certainly do not believe it will be enough for an electoral college landslide, it will be enough for an electoral college victory if this momentum maintains itself. She has the opportunity to take this VP selection, which Democrats, Republicans alike seem to really like him. Even if they aren't voting for the ticket, Tim Walz is relatively popular. We found out that under the Donald Trump administration, Tim Walz was actually appointed to this round table of governors who advised the president. That's how much Tim Walz was perceived as a bipartisan member of the Governor's Association. He was the seventh most bipartisan member of Congress during his time in office. He came from a purple district, a Trump district. He ran in and won it. So Tim Walz comes from a very interesting path. First started serving in the United States military at 17. Got his college degree with his GI Bill benefits, became a public school teacher. He has a track record that is unlike a VP pick we have seen in a very, very, very long time. And that's commendable for Tim Walz because it shows that he has a story that won him an election in Minnesota that can win him an election this November with Kamala Harris, and it goes right through Pennsylvania. And these data points again, should be encouraging for Democrats, but should not and will not probably build out this idea of complicity. This complacency in our complicity, complacency. This election cycle has been all about Donald Trump maintaining and building momentum. When he was up against Biden, the first real thing that we saw was that in the most, in the time where the Democratic Party needed to unify the most, they were not unified because many members of Congress, senators, governors had concerns about President Biden's viability. And so some of them called on him to drop out. This was after an abysmal debate performance. Joe Biden even referring to the night as a terrible, terrible evening for him in his campaign. And yes, it was. It resulted eventually in him dropping out of the race less than a month later. Think about where we are right now. A month and two weeks ago, CNN was hosting the first presidential debate in Atlanta a month and two weeks ago. A month and a half ago, Kamala Harris was not the presidential nominee. That was three weeks ago. So much has happened. This entire month and a half has felt like two years. And there's reason for that. But voters also seem to have felt that longevity of the time. They've now shifted their opinion based on who the Democratic nominee is. Because as I have been saying for months now, Donald Trump was never hitting 50% in battleground state polls. And that was a telling sign that's sure Joe Biden may not have been the right guy to meet the moment today. Because what the number showed was that he was going to lose. But Kamala Harris as the opposition to Joe Biden, not opposition, but the alternative to Joe Biden does far better. Why? Because voters weren't sold on Trump. They just were not sold on Biden at all either. And so in a world of figuring out who you're gonna vote for, you choose none of the above. And that helped Trump because his enthusiasm numbers were through the roof compared to Biden. Just 30 to 40% of Democrats were enthusiastic about Biden. 80 to 90% of Republicans were enthusiastic about Trump. So when they get a ring up from a pollster, they answer and say, I'm all in for Trump. What do we find that happens because of that? His numbers maintain exactly where they will likely be. Biden and the Democratic Party doesn't get that. Some swing voters who aren't happy with the fact that Biden is the nominee may also just not be voting for Trump, but may just be saying I'm undecided. I don't wanna vote. I don't know who I'm gonna vote for. I may vote with third party. All these different answers that may have been Biden voters from 2020 that are now coming back home with Kamala Harris at the top of the ticket. That's exactly what the data is suggesting in Pennsylvania and all around the country. This Republican pollster tells us what we've known for a while. That Kamala Harris's improvements are tangible, noticeable and are now being reported on by not only Democratic pollsters, but Republican pollsters, even in some of the most competitive states or Republicans desperately want to maintain their advantage. Because the advantage, well, it may have been a long time, six months of constantly leading in the polls. Now coming to an abrupt halt because Joe Biden dropped out of the race, Donald Trump Republicans must be really angry because this is a very difficult position for them to navigate. They spent an entire convention railing against President Biden only for the day after the convention ends for Joe Biden to drop out of the race. Very interesting circumstances, very good news for the Democratic Party that they're doing quite well with Kamala Harris, Pennsylvania now expanding and included on that map of states that are now on the radar to be even more in the advanced column for the Democratic Party, especially with Governor Tim Walz on this ticket. So thank you guys so much for watching this video. Make sure to comment down suggestions below. Subscribe on the left if you haven't already and check out the Instagram and Twitter. At the top left of the screen, there's also a Discord server if you go ahead and join on the screen so the video can watch the playlist of my 2024 presidential election analysis videos. Again, thank you guys so much for watching and I will see you all later today.