 Even if you had a family member who acted like that, you might still love him, but you tell him you've got a problem, and you wouldn't put him in charge of anything. And yet, when Donald Trump lies or cheats or shows utter disregard for our Constitution, when he calls POWs losers or fellow citizens vermin. What up, what up, what up, y'all? It's your boy, man, Small County J in the building. In this new and improved building. But yeah, man, we better get into our political bag. I'm not really going to talk about what I believe in politics too much, because I don't really, you know what I'm saying? I'm not really following. I don't really follow up on politics as far as getting all into that and stuff like that, because those are really very strong topics, and I'm really not educating them to be on that shit. But I am going to start reacting to them a lot more, you feel me? Because we do got the president coming up soon. Soon, soon, soon, soon. So yeah, let me go ahead and just tune into that for a little bit, your heart, you know what I'm saying? Dig, dive in. Dive into that world a little bit. Yeah, bro. So today, we're about to react to Obama slayers Trump for hurricane misinformation at campaign rally in Pennsylvania for Harris. So yeah, man, Obama about to talk shit about Trump. I love this. They be getting juicy though. The president should the basis of being juicy, bro. I really just don't be reacting to him. But I'm really about to start reacting to all this stuff going on, bro. It's just being juicy, bro, really. But anyway, like and subscribe. Click on the notification bell because your boy is here for a good time in a long time. Long time in a long time. You know what I'm saying? So for that being said, let's get it. Let's get it. Let's get down. It's been one of the most disturbing aspects of this election season about Trump's rise in politics is how we seem to have set aside the values that people like Dan stood for and Bob stood for and that I was taught. And those didn't used to be Republican Democratic values. I mean, it used to be we'd have arguments about tax policy or foreign policy. But we didn't have arguments about whether you should tell the truth or not. We didn't make excuses for people who just violated basic norms of treating people fairly and with respect. Just last week, I mean, I talked about this. We had one of the deadliest hurricanes in American history. Beautiful town of Asheville, North Carolina was fucked. Actually, North Carolina was fucked. Bro, that highway was fucked. That whole city was dead. Shit was fucked, bro. Beautiful town of Asheville, North Carolina. One of my favorite places in the country. Spend time there, amazing people. Devastated. Hundreds of people killed. President Biden and Vice President Harris were down there meeting with local officials and comforting families, asking how they could help. And Donald Trump at a rally just started making up stories about the Biden administration withholding aid from Republican areas and siphoning off aid to give to undocumented immigrants. Just made the stuff up. Everybody knew it wasn't true. Even local Republicans said it was not true. And now the people of Florida are dealing with another devastating storm. Damn. And I want you to watch what happens over the next few days, just like the last time. You're going to have leaders who try to help. And then there you have a guy who will just lie about it to score political points. And this has consequences. Niggas is tired of Trump, bro. People were afraid, and they've lost everything. And now they're trying to figure out how do I apply for help. And some of them may be discouraged from getting the help they need. The idea of intentionally trying to deceive people in their most desperate and vulnerable moments. And my question is, when did that become OK? I'm not looking for applause right now. You mad. He's straight up. Straight up. He's not OK. I want to ask Republicans out there. You think about a crowd, boy. Our conservative. Who didn't vote for me, who didn't agree with me. I had friends who disagreed with me on every issue. When did that become OK? Why would we go along with that? Oh, he tearing up, boy. He mean that shit, too. I mean, if your coworkers acted like that, they wouldn't be your coworkers very long. If you're in business and somebody you're doing business with, just outright lies and manipulates, you stop doing business with them. Even if you had a family member who acted like that, you might still love them, but you tell them you've got a problem. And you wouldn't put them in charge of anything. And yet, when Donald Trump lies or cheats or shows utter disregard for our Constitution, when he calls POWs losers or fellow citizens vermin, people make excuses for it. They think it's OK. They think, well, at least he's owning the libs. He's really sticking it to them. It's OK, as long as our side wins. Man. And by the way, I'm sorry, gentlemen. I've noticed this, especially with some men who seem to think Trump's behavior of bullying and of putting people down is a sign of strength. And I am here to tell you that is not what real strength is. It never has been. Said, cut him in. Real strength is about working hard and carrying a heavy load without complaining. Real strength is about taking responsibility for your actions and telling the truth, even when it's inconvenient. Real strength is about helping people who need it and standing up for those who can't always stand up for themselves. That is what we should want for our daughters and for our sons. And that is what I want to see in a president of the United States of America. Minister Obama. Minister, Minister Obama right there, boys. And the good news is that if you're that you have candidates to vote for in this election that demonstrate that kind of character, who know what real strength looks like, who will set a good example and do the right thing and lead this country better than they found it. So Pennsylvania, that is the choice in this election. It's not just about policies that are on the ballot. It is about values. And it is about character. So whether this election is making you feel excited or scared or hopeful or frustrated or anything in between, do not just sit back and hope for the best. Get off your couch and vote. Put down your phone and vote. Grab your friends and family and vote. Vote for Kamala Harris as the next president of the United States. Vote for Tim Wols as the next vice president of the United States. Vote for Bob Casey and this whole incredible Pennsylvania Democratic ticket. Help your friends and family members and neighbors and coworkers do the same. Because if enough of us make our voices heard, we will leave no doubt about the election outcome. We'll leave no doubt about who we are and what America stands for. And together we'll keep building a country that's more fair and more equal and more just and more free. That is our task. That is our responsibility. Let's go do it. Thank you, Pittsburgh. Thank you, Pittsburgh. Thank you, Pennsylvania. Thank you, Pittsburgh. Let's go vote. The music, nah, the music is crazy. I was born with President Obama wrapping up. What we're at times, passionate, emotional remarks in Pittsburgh, the first stop on his sprint through swing stage four, Kamala Harris. Tim, my man. Oh my gosh. Presidential debates and presidentials or anything. Presidential talks. How political talks is so, so, uh-huh. I feel everybody lying. Everybody. Just shit. It just feels like, bro, everything just feels so iffy, bro, like who do you even believe? You just got to believe what you want personally at this point. It's like it's like a whole mindset thing. Like I don't know how you explain it, bro. Like do your research and then just pick what niggas talk about. You don't hope what's best. You really do got to hope for what's best. I ain't gonna lie. I ain't gonna lie because you do shit. Some things might help and some things won't. You tell me at the end of the day, you know what I'm saying? They can't fix every fucking problem for every single person, bro. I don't even know how people are just so, so deeply in. I don't know, bro, but we're going to keep falling up on that, man. Make sure I go ahead and like and subscribe. Click on that notification bell because your boy is just hitting me. Your boy is here for a good time in a long time. Long time, long time. Long time, long time. And yeah, bro, comments is just what y'all are, but we need to react to the next. Other than that, shit boy, Jay. All right, y'all. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out.