 And Harris's possible VP picks are also making their best case to be her running mate. Underway, as we speak right now in Pennsylvania, you're taking a live look at Governor Josh Shapiro and Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer. They're holding a rally for Harris in the swing state of Pennsylvania. Just moments ago, Whitmer took to the stage. She's speaking now, as you see. Former Representative Gabby Giffords is campaigning in Michigan. Of course, her husband, Senator Mark Kelly, is also a possible vice presidential contender. New polling from Emerson College shows Harris neck and neck with Trump in those swing states. I mean, look at those numbers there within the margin of error. Trump inching slightly ahead. Harris is being pulled in several different directions when choosing her VP pick. Progressives in the party are rooting for Minnesota governor Tim Walz for his record on labor unions. Democrats concerned about the southern border are rooting for Senator Mark Kelly, who represents the border state of Arizona. It may all come down to the electoral college, which rockets Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro to the top of the list. Democrats have lost a certain home court advantage in Pennsylvania since Biden stepped down from the ticket. He, of course, grew up in Scranton, Pennsylvania. It's his hometown. Shapiro, however, outperformed Biden during his governor's race. That was in 2022, winning by an eye-catching 14 points. Forecasts currently have Republicans with a slight edge in the electoral map. Pennsylvania's 19 electoral votes could be decisive. The big question right now for Harris is will Shapiro help her clinch the Keystone state come November? Like Harris, he is also a former attorney general. He has battled Trump directly, which fits with Harris's campaign message, painting Trump as a fella. But some of his policy stances could bring ire from within the party. Joining us now is Caitlin Becker, who is live in Bucks County. Caitlin, great to see you. Key swing state for both parties. The Keystone state will continue to be in the spotlight until November. What are people in Pennsylvania saying now? You know, Hannah, I'm in Bucks County. This is a crucial swing county in a crucial swing state. It's been purple for years, though. The registered voters have traditionally led Democratic. There has been a shift recently, though. It's a very active political county. There's four hundred and seventy eight thousand registered voter and voters. And just recently, Republicans have edged out Democrats by two hundred and seventy seven voters. That's a really small margin. But Shapiro on the ticket could still lock things up for those 19 electoral college votes here in Pennsylvania because he's extremely well like sixty one percent approval rating. And we have spent the last day and a half talking to voters on the ground here in Bucks County across the political aisle. Take a look at what they say. I wish they were more diverse candidates. I wish that we would get break the mold of what we've had. He's my man. And he's always been my man. And if he's running, I will. He's got my vote. No matter how much I might like some of the things he does, I would not vote for him. It was that last comment there from that Trump voter that has rung out a few times from other Trump voters here, even though they've said they're going to vote for Trump. They most of them, the majority of them, Hannah, have said there are things they like about Shapiro. I think that speaks to his 61 percent approval rating. They like the way he handled the I-95 collapse. They liked his response to the assassination attempt on former President Donald Trump. They like his fiscal policy. So those things could really come into play to pick off moderate voters, independent voters and undecided voters. And he has a track record of doing that, which he did in the gubernatorial race. Caitlin, I'm so glad you mentioned that Fox poll showing that 61 percent of a favorable view for Shapiro. But if Shapiro is on the ticket, what do you think this means nationally? That's a big question, because another poll, this ABC Ipsos poll, who looked across the high contenders for the Veep stakes here, none of them really have national name recognition. If you don't know who they are outside of their state, sure, he could potentially help Harris win Pennsylvania. But other swing states are just as, if not more, important when it comes time to cast your vote in November. Where he could strengthen the ticket for Kamala Harris nationally is by trying to court the Jewish vote. This is a group that are traditionally Democratic voters. But in the last several months since the Israel-Gaza war has broken out, a lot of these voters are starting to turn away from the left because of some liberal lawmakers pro-Palestinian stance. Now, Josh Shapiro is and he's pro-Israel. He is a Jewish American. He observes Shabbat. His children go to a Jewish day school. And he also keeps a kosher kitchen. So that could bring these voters back. And what you're looking at is the Shapiro and the blue wall numbers. You're looking at how important Jewish voters were in the 2016 election and in the 2020 election. And here in Pennsylvania specifically, and we're looking at 300,000 registered Jewish voters. That is the largest in any of the swing states. So not only could that again help them here, but it could help bring that voter base back to the left for Harris if Shapiro is on the ticket. Great breakdown. Caitlin Becker live in Pucks County, Pennsylvania for us. Thank you, Caitlin. Thanks so much for watching. Go to joinnn.com to find News Nation on your television provider. And don't forget to click the red subscribe button below to get more of News Nation's fact-driven, unbiased coverage.