 Brand new data suggests that Donald Trump's on pace for a big victory in Pennsylvania. What is up people of the internet? It is me, Real American, back again with a new video today. We had to talk about the 2024 presidential election because it appears that Donald Trump's on pace for a big victory in Pennsylvania. Yeah, that's right. What could very well be the most important state for the upcoming election? It looks like Trump's in a very good position to win the state. Now, does that mean he's for sure gonna win the state by 15 points? No, but when you look at the current state of the race in Pennsylvania, Trump's in a very good position to flip Pennsylvania. And like I said, you could make an argument that this is a must-win state for both campaigns because, well, look at this. If Trump wins Pennsylvania, well, at that point in time, he just needs to win North Carolina and Georgia and he's at 270. Whereas Harris, she could win every other state yet losing the scenario. That's why Pennsylvania is undoubtedly the most important swing state. And if Trump's in a good position here, for starters, he's probably up in other swing states, but he's probably gonna win the presidency if he's winning Pennsylvania. And if Harris wins Pennsylvania, well, at that point, Trump needs to win a state like Arizona than Wisconsin, just a barely cracked 270. That's why Pennsylvania, it's a pretty big deal. So for Trump to be in a good position to win Pennsylvania, it bodes very well from the win the presidency. That's why it's a big deal. It's not like it's, you know, Nevada that's worth only six electoral votes where, yeah, Trump could win it, but even then it would not be enough to win the presidency. No, it's Pennsylvania. It has 19 electoral votes. It has the most of any swing state. So for Trump to be up here, yeah, it's a big freaking deal. Now, if you look at the polling right now, on the RCP average, as of now, it is currently Harris plus point four. So you would argue, well, it's actually Harris lead. Well, for starters, no, this lead that she has a quotations, it's because of one poll, one poll that found Harris up by five points. And of course, it's Bloomberg. Yeah. If it wasn't for a single poll that had Harris up by five points when literally everyone, and I mean everyone else, found the race either tied or a very small Trump lead. So if it wasn't for a single pollster, which Bloomberg has done this like five times the cycle, every time there's a stretch of bad polling out of the blue, Bloomberg releases a Harris plus five in Pennsylvania, Harris plus 12 in Michigan, it's a pile of crap. But either way, the fact is, despite having a big outlier, it's only Harris plus point four. And for those that just don't remember, back in 2020, at the same timeframe, you know, late September, early October, it was roughly Biden plus five, Biden plus six plus seven. Yeah. In 2016, the same timeframe, it was roughly Clinton plus five, Clinton plus two. And then for a little bit, it was Clinton plus nine. In other words, this Harris plus point four is nothing. In fact, it's a complete disaster for Harris because if the same point misaccurs and even then just half the polling miss, like, let's say fine. Instead of being off by 10 points or even five points, they're off by two. They're off by three points, which is very possible, considering you have garbage pollsters like Bloomberg finding Harris plus five. But if the same point misaccurs or just half of it, just Harris plus or I should say a two to three point miss, you're talking about a Trump plus two victory in Pennsylvania. If he wins Pennsylvania by two to three points, for starters, he's not just barely winning the electoral college. At that point, he's winning states like Wisconsin, Michigan. He's up in Arizona. He's probably winning Nevada. So so if he's up by two to three points in Pennsylvania, he is easily winning. There's no way he wins Pennsylvania by two to three. But by some miracle, he loses Wisconsin. I guess it's possible, but I find it so unlikely that I just don't think it's going to happen. And even Michigan, which I know back in 2020, it was the most Democrat of these three states. Even then, do you really think Michigan is going to vote like four to five points to the left of Pennsylvania? I could see maybe a point, maybe two. But if Trump's up by two to three in Pennsylvania, more than likely, he's going to win the other swing states, especially in the Rust Belt. So even then, he doesn't even need a state like Nevada, Arizona. Hell, he doesn't even need Georgia at that point. If he's really winning Pennsylvania by two to three points, which, by the way, he's up in Arizona, Georgia, but we'll just say he doesn't win either of those states. Well, if he is winning Pennsylvania by two to three points, he's winning Wisconsin and Michigan. And with the addition of North Carolina, that's more than enough to win. That's why it's a big deal that he's tied to the RCP average, which is a tie because screw Bloomberg for having this garbage Harris plus five. Literally every other pollster found the race tied. And like I said, it's pollsters like Mollenburg pollsters like the Washington Post, even Marist. They found the race tied, which I find it very strange that literally every pollster except like two or three of them, they found the race tied. The statistical tie with Fox News, Sussacwon, Rasmussen, Mollenburg, Marist, et cetera. It's like, really? I find it very unlikely that every pollster, including ones like Mollenburg and Fox News, the fact they have the race tied just like Rasmussen and Sussacwon, even inside her advantage, she had the race Trump plus two. But I find it very strange that every pollster is finding the same result. It's a tied race, but the problem for Harris is those undecided voters, they lean heavily towards Trump. That's her biggest problem, by the way, these undecideds, they're not Democrats. They are Republican leading voters that more than likely they're going to break for Trump. We've we've seen this in the polling, by the way, undecideds are breaking for Trump by a lot this cycle. So the fact that Harris has at best a very small lead in Pennsylvania, the fact is those undecideds, they're going to break for Trump. They're not going to break for Harris. I find it very unlikely. I guess it's maybe possible. But either way, what's more likely these undecided voters to break for Trump or break for Harris? I would say they're going to probably break for Trump. Now, some people might claim, well, this is just the polling in Pennsylvania. All right. It's only one metric. Surely there's other metrics out there that show Harris having a victory. No, not really. In fact, it's the opposite. Look at this voter registration in Pennsylvania has gotten even worse. Yeah. In just a week, the Republicans gained 12000 new voters. Democrats gained only 7900 voters. Yeah. Republicans are killing Democrats with voter registration, even the absentee requests. Look at this. It's a little bit outdated, but every single day Republicans have gone up. Democrats have gone down every day. It's getting worse and worse and worse for Democrats. It's like, oh, boy, right now, the 2024 absentee requests, they're more Republican than 2020 by roughly a point. And with each passing day, it's getting even worse. So the electorate looks much more Republican than even 2020 and much more than 2022. It's becoming a more Republican state. You see the problem? Absentee requests are complete disaster for Democrats. How can you spin this? It's not just the percent Republican. Look at the total request in 2020. There is roughly 3 million requests in 2022, roughly 1.4 million. OK, right now. And I know it's only late September, early October. This number is going to change. But as of now, it's only 1.3 million requests. That's less than 2022. And, you know, by the time we get to Election Day, it's going to be much more than 22. But it's been way less than 2020. So not only is this photo block much more Republican, there's just less votes here. And for those that are saying, well, Democrats going to vote more on Election Day. OK, yeah, compared to 2020, even 2022. Yeah. The problem is even NBC admitted that like over half of Harris's support, they're going to vote before Election Day. Over half. So the more you look at this, the more you realize this is a disaster. It's not just the polling that's very bad for Dems. It's voter registration. It's absentee requests. It's everything. But in my opinion, the biggest disaster for Harris comes from a voter block that I don't think is getting enough attention this cycle. I'm, of course, talking about Catholic voters. Now, for those that don't know, back in 2020, the state of Pennsylvania, at least the electorate, was roughly 27 percent Catholic and Trump won Catholics in Pennsylvania by around 11 points. Now, I would argue that that's a little bit high. I don't think you got 55 percent of Catholics in Pennsylvania. Maybe he did. But either way, I would argue that Catholics are a must win group for Trump. If he wins the Catholic vote, especially by a lot more than likely he wins the presidency. Well, there is a brand new poll released out of Notre Dame, you know, a very Catholic university. And I know this is more liberal leaning. These are more college educated voters. I get that. But look at this. This was a poll in Notre Dame. All right. This campus, the same poll back in 2020, they found Biden up by 37 points. Right now, it's Trump plus two. That's a 40 point shift in just four years in Notre Dame. That's a big freaking deal because Notre Dame is a Catholic university. Everyone knows this. It's like 85 percent Catholic. So if they are showing and this is not just, you know, in every Catholic, these are just people on campus. If they found a 40 point shift with these voters, which we know it's it's basically old Catholics that are taking this poll more than likely. If they found a 40 point shift with these voters, which should be more liberal leaning, these should be way more friendly to Harris. What do you think is happening in Pennsylvania? What do you think is happening in Wisconsin with Catholic voters if if Notre Dame shifted this Republican in just four years? What do you think is happening with the average Catholic in Wisconsin and in Pennsylvania? They're going to shift heavily towards Trump. Now, I'm not saying to be a 20 point shift or whatever, but even if it's a 10 point shift, which I find to be very likely because, well, let's be honest, Democrats replaced the Catholic Democrat with someone that has a long history of saying some real bad stuff about Catholics. In my opinion, I think the Trump campaign, they should talk more about this. I mean, the stuff that Harris said about the Knights of Columbus, for example, it is real bad. I mean, just looking up, it is awful. The fact is that she said that crap about the Knights of Columbus is unbelievable. But but the point is she she has no appeal to Catholic voters. Biden did. He had some appeal. He was Catholic. He pretended to be Scranton Joe. That's why I believe that these voters, they're going to shift heavily towards Trump or they just may not vote. And if that's the case, well, in a state like Pennsylvania, that's a big freaking deal. You're talking about 27 percent of vote being Catholic and they are breaking away from the Democratic Party. Now, does that mean we're going to see a 20 point shift? Maybe not. But the fact is, if she's doing this bad with Catholics in Notre Dame, what do you think is happening everywhere else? We just got to see what happens. Maybe it's a fluke. Maybe it's just one poll. But if you're Harris, these are bad numbers for her. It's real bad. Will it be a 40 point shift? Probably not. But if it's even just a 10 point shift towards Trump, he's got Pennsylvania. He's got states like Wisconsin locked down. Anyways, folks, thank you so much for watching. If you guys did enjoy this video, smash the like button down below. Subscribe, share with your friends. Hit that little bell. Follow the social media accounts in the description down below. And of course, join the channel today. Godspeed to all of you.