 This is encouraging, you know, it's rhetoric. It's a campaign. But it's encouraging. This is walls in Pennsylvania. Am I do you want to? Well, I find it interesting. I was going to ask the girl. I hate Josh Appeiro. So the Duke can't even be bothered to show up, apparently. There was a report that he had scheduling conflicts and didn't show up to the the the the tour all over Pennsylvania yesterday. You know, that's interesting because I'm sure like it's not like they just dropped in, you know, like, hey, I've been in a neighborhood. Shapiro, you want to get a coffee? No, these things are all planned. So this little bitch is crying that he didn't get selected for VP and not campaigning with the rest of the Democrats. If like a Bernie type or a squad member or someone on the left had had such sour grapes about not being selected for vice president. I got something to do in Berlin. Oh, my God. You don't have to go far on Twitter to still hear people go. Bernie Sanders didn't campaign for Hillary Clinton, even though he's back. He did vigorous campaign. I was at those events. Yes. So like I just I'm so annoyed by the double standard of this man who, you know, clearly there's a part of me that thinks he'd be OK if she lost Pennsylvania so then he can challenge her next election cycle. I mean, that's the vibe that she probably got from him, even more than the liabilities about some of the stuff like involving that murder and his pro school choice stuff and his stance, his anti-Palestinian racism. Those were all considerations. But I also think she probably got the vibe from the skies like he's not a team player, he's not a team player. And Democrats, if he were anybody who wasn't a centrist, there's a clip about Tim Wals outreach. OK, so Tim Wals is but Andy Bashir's all over TV this weekend. Like all these Buddha judge, all the people that were in consideration, they got over it, but not Mr. Shapiro. Anyway, this is Tim Wals camping. I'm glad he didn't show up. He's a liability. Stay home, bum. Yeah, stay home. Each of these volunteers and the people put it on, they all said it. They said it is so much better to be for for something rather than against something to be for the future, not going back. That's what people know. And we, some of us who have less hair and are old enough, can remember when you could go to Thanksgiving, watch a Steelers game with your relatives and not complain about politics the whole time. I want each other's names because you shared a commitment to democracy, a commitment to personal freedom, a commitment to public education, a commitment to infrastructure. We don't call each other names. We don't do it. And we don't use the least fortunate amongst us at punchlines for our jokes because they're our neighbors, our neighbors. And so you're getting an opportunity to see the best side of American for the young people here. They maybe haven't seen a campaign like this because of covid, because of the things that's happening. This is a chance to bring out that joy, turn the page and look to the future. This idea of going forward. I like that clip because it's about using like messaging to a for a general election in a way that has these really like subtle, broad themes that Democrats should be emphasizing community, public education. You know, it's like we're going to be the word not going to be the divider. Right. Trump's a divider. We're going to bring you together around the Steelers game. As he says this in Western Pennsylvania, you're going to be able to feel united as opposed to constantly feeling divided. And these are the things we can be united around democracy, public education, et cetera. So, you know, this is not the kind of thing where it's like Bernie Sanders talking about the billionaire class, the stuff that we really love as well. But it is a general election campaign for a Democrat that actually is interested in in winning and not just winning for the sake of it. Winning by like kind of resetting the narrative around these particular this particular set of, you know, issue sets. And also back to Shapiro. He couldn't go up there and talk about public education because he doesn't believe in the institution of public education. I like the idea of of of walls saying it's not political to be for political for public education. Yeah, I mean, it is it is political. But I like the idea for a a general campaign to say, like, these are just normal positions. Like these are what you know, these are just, you know, brand these as being, you know, just American mainstream positions for public education, for public schools. These things. I mean, I think that is very, very healthy. I have always said that the best fight is going to be with a Democratic Party that has embraced the left most of its of its principles. And that becomes the center and the just the normal and the average. And then, you know, I mean, I guess it's basically an Overton window type of argument, but. As they move the center and normal to the left, I think it's much more, you know, left of center. All the better. So good for walls. And good for Harris again, because like I sometimes I get a little, you know, I think we highlight walls because he's a wonderful communicator and like does a lot of the things that we wanted for the Democrats to do. But sometimes I think he gets a little outsized attention because, you know, he's like the white guy that like a lot of people whatever think is a communicator of the issues that I don't know. He is better at that stuff. He is better at that stuff. But you picked him for a reason and then like, well, but that's the point. Yeah, but that's the point is that walls has been a governor. I mean, he's actually, you know, like we have seen. Yeah, we have seen his policies in action. We've seen what he will sign. We've seen what he won't sign. And and so he is extremely concrete in terms of and she by making this choice. Has, you know, tied herself to those concrete things. So on some level, you know, he's not he is an avatar of what we. Think her policies will be and we're happy about that now. It remains to be seen whether it's this is this is how I cover my my left flank. You know, this is a shield. But again, it that. It doesn't make sense to. Offer promises that you have no intention of delivering if you intend on. On having a successful presidency. Now, that doesn't mean that. You know, you could have these intentions and then when you get into the presidency, you don't have the ideological foundations or rudder that can make you address questions that come to your desk and personnel decisions. But again, that's what it means to be a jump ball. Biden navigated to the center of the Democratic Party. I'm not sure that Harris. And he had a career of doing that. I'm not sure that Harris has that kind of instincts or experience to know where that is. Which means, you know, I don't think she had the same like political rudder that Biden has now, you know, we were happy. I personally I was happily surprised with Biden because it also was a reflective, I think, of where the Democratic Party has moved. And it was an indication of where it was. Who knows with Harris, but Walls is at least the most concrete thing in which we can make an assessment at this point. Yeah, yeah, I hear that. I just think sometimes we make assumptions about like communicating who's you know, a lot of times it's portrayed as like this person's the best communicator for this. And usually it's like white men saying that like so, I don't know. I mean, there's I'm just a little bothered by a lot of you know, she made these decisions, right? And it seems odd that like there hasn't been much credit for that assigned to her. I feel like a lot of it's been more directed towards Walls. I just think it speaks to some subtle subtly who we think is going to be an effective communicator for people and who isn't that I don't know if it's necessarily true. I mean, and I that's part of why I was bullish on the fact that I thought she could be an candidate that generated enthusiasm when most people were saying she's an idiot, she's a bad campaigner. You know, she's shown that she's shrewd and that's that's a that's a valuable asset. What we were saying when she made the pick was do no harm. And we were saying that because she was already garnering a tremendous amount of enthusiasm. And we just don't do anything to dampen it. And she in some respects went one better.