 All right, today is the day. Will Governor Josh Shapiro be the VP pick on the Democratic ticket? Welcome to The Morning Agenda, WITF's daily news podcast, where the only agenda is you. A good morning to you. It is Tuesday, August 6th, and this is being recorded at 5.26 a.m. I'm your host, Tim Lambert, as we take this daily trip around the region's top stories together. So here we are. Josh Shapiro begins his day as governor of Pennsylvania, but by this evening, he may be Vice President Kamala Harris's running mate on the Democratic ticket. Harris plans to introduce her new running mate at a rally this evening in Philadelphia. She has zeroed in on a trio of potential finalists, Shapiro, Arizona U.S. Senator Mark Kelly, and Minnesota Governor Tim Walz. Consideration of Shapiro has drawn criticism from some Arab-Americans and activist groups wary of his professed solidarity with Israel in its drive to eliminate Hamas during the war in Gaza. Carmen Russell Sluchansky with our partners at WHYY in Philadelphia takes a look at the debate over Shapiro's position on Israel. If a Harris-Shapiro campaign were to win in November, Shapiro would be the first Jewish vice president. Progressives have criticized the governor for his support for Israel and calling students protesting the war in Gaza anti-Semitic. Alan Minsky, executive director of Progressive Democrats of America, who is Jewish, said his core concern is Harris beating Trump in November. And I really think the naming of governor, Shapiro, could damage those chances. However, Pennsylvania State Representative Mike Schlossberg, also Jewish, says Shapiro's views on Israel are the same as any other Democrat. Or I would honestly argue are more progressive when it comes to Israel and Gaza than others on the ticket. Shapiro enjoys strong approval ratings in Pennsylvania, one of the Democrats' crucial blue wall states that Harris will be looking to cement in November. And former Republican mid-state congressman Charlie Dent says having Shapiro on the ticket could make the difference in the Commonwealth. He can actually bring over some independent Republican votes in the Commonwealth, which I think she would have a much harder time doing on her own. Now immigration has been a hot-button issue in this year's presidential race, and it's an important topic for many people in the Commonwealth, where immigrants make up close to 10 percent of the workforce. Emily Neal is also with our friends at WHOI in Philly and has more on Shapiro's immigration policies. As Pennsylvania Attorney General from 2017 to 2023, Josh Shapiro challenged many of them President Donald Trump's immigration policies, including the so-called Muslim ban, separating families at the border, and the attempt to change public charge rules to discourage immigrants from accessing certain government benefits. But closer to home, Pennsylvania immigrant advocates say the governor's position then and now towards immigrant communities is, quote, unclear. There's about 10 different bills that are pro-immigrant that are currently in the legislature that we've asked his administration to support. And they've simply sent us the information, they've taken it back, and they always have the same response of, hey, if this bill makes it to our desk, then we'll have a follow-up conversation. That's Julio Rodriguez, political director at the Pennsylvania Immigration and Citizenship Coalition. The governor has continued immigrant-friendly measures established by the previous governor Tom Wolf. Shapiro also designated a deputy policy director for immigration, a first. But Rodriguez says the Montgomery County native could be more outspoken for pro-immigrant policies. We would have thought that him being from a place where there's a large immigrant population that he would be more a big supporter, that other governors have been, but we have not seen that to be the case. Anuj Gupta is the CEO of the Welcoming Center. He says Shapiro and his administration have shown they understand the economic imperative of immigration for Pennsylvania. He thinks Shapiro could be a leader on immigration at the national level, too. The governor is somebody who prioritizes economic growth. And he's also somebody that has been as probably as effective as you can be in finding bipartisan solutions. I think he could actually be a unique actor to break through the nonsense and the silos that we have carved out on this issue politically. Of Pennsylvania's close to one million foreign-born residents, more than half are naturalized citizens and are able to vote in the upcoming election. Now, after their Pennsylvania debut, Harris and her new running mate planned visits together throughout the week to key battleground states. Republican Donald Trump also created some suspense by holding off on making his choice of a running mate, Ohio Senator J.D. Vance, until last month's Republican National Convention. Vance, by the way, will stump in Philly today as well. And yes, we do have a non-political story for you today in the morning agenda. A stone newly discovered in a cave in Bucks County could prove it was a hiding place for the legendary band of 18th century outlaws known as the Doan Gang. Peter Cremins is also from our pals at H.Y.Y. and reports some of the sensational stories about the gang may actually be true. The Doans were British loyalists during the Revolutionary War who sabotaged the Patriots by robbing tax collection offices and the legend has it they hid out in caves all over Bucks County. There are caves that have ridiculous stories associated with them, you know, guarded by a devil demon black dog from hell that guards the Doan treasure. That's Clint Black. An exhibit preparator at the Mercer Museum in Doylestown and in his spare time, he has been excavating a cave in Buckingham Township. He just discovered a stone carved with 1775 M, likely the initial of gang leader Moses Doan. Fleck said the stone suggests at least some of the Doan legend is true. I actually dismissed it for a long period of my life saying that caves were probably only part of the folklore and the mystique of the Doans. Now that we are digging deeper and excavating, we're starting to change our mind and say that it is possible. So the stone will be added to the Mercer Museum's current exhibition, The Doan Gang, Outlaws of the Revolution. On this Tuesday morning when I got in the office, I do what I normally do and went through about a dozen news sites across central Pennsylvania looking for a few stories to put on your radar and I came across a couple. So I want to share them with you right now. Five secretaries of state, including Pennsylvania's, are urging tech entrepreneur Elon Musk to fix an AI chatbot on his social media platform, X, formerly known as Twitter. They say it has spread election misinformation. The state election officials say the platform's AI chatbot produced false information about state ballot deadlines shortly after President Joe Biden dropped out of the 2024 presidential race. They note X has responsibility to provide users access to guidance that reflects true and accurate information about their constitutional right to vote. Now social media platforms such as X have faced mounting scrutiny for their role in spreading misinformation, including about elections. And to help stave off a shortage of blood at the height of summer heat and travel, the American Red Cross is imploring people to donate. Blood donors of all types, especially those with typo blood, are urged to give as soon as possible. High heat affected more than 100 blood drives in July in nearly every state where the Red Cross collects blood, including Pennsylvania. And that contributed to a shortfall of more than 19,000 blood donations. To make an appointment, you can visit RedCrossBlood.org. That's RedCrossBlood.org. Or call 1-800-RED-CROSS. 1-800-RED-CROSS. Well if you feel like today's episode gave you a better insight into the news of the day in central Pennsylvania, please share it with your friends and on your socials. You can play a big part in spreading the word about the morning agenda while helping us reach more people like you. And don't forget to follow us on Spotify and turn on episode notifications so you're never out of the loop. And I hope you also check out our Spotify playlist each month. This month is called the Morning Agenda Song of the Day, August 2024. So so creative. And I went with a mighty mighty boss stones. The impression that I get is my Song of the Day. Crank up those horns. And that's going to do it for the Morning Agenda. It's a daily news podcast from WYTF where the only agenda is you. I'm your host Tim Lambert. Thank you so much for listening today. I always appreciate your company and never ever take it for granted. Be well, enjoy the rest of this Tuesday and we'll talk again tomorrow.