 Hello everyone welcome back to Decision Desk HQ's Let Me Finish. I am Brandon Finnegan, co-founder of Decision Desk HQ. Today I am joined by Catherine Swartz of Notice and Audrey Fallberg of National Review. We'll get right into it like we always do when we talk about the latest in national polling. Recently Fox released their national poll finding Donald Trump up 50 to 48 over Kamala Harris. That is a inversion of what we had seen in their last poll which found Harris at 50 and Trump at 48. And on a more state-by-state level Quinnipiac released their polling yesterday at least at the time of today's recording finding Donald Trump with a comparable 52-45 lead in Georgia with Harris at the 57 lead in North Carolina. So with the latest polls we've seen and the average and the averages that we've seen we've seen a slight downtick in the national picture for Harris International lead since the peak that we've seen back in September. It's shaved off maybe about a point overall from where we were. She is still leading in the national averages. Trump's averages in the state seem to have solidified in Georgia slightly ahead of North Carolina and Arizona which would put him at about 262 electoral votes but still shy of of course what he would need. Harris has the slimmest of margins in the averages in Pennsylvania, slightly wider margin in Michigan and depending on whose average you're looking at either up or down in the state of Wisconsin. So on the national picture when it comes to polls we're not seeing as much volume that we saw at this point in say 2016. I've noticed that state polling you know we seem to see a little bit of it trickle out every single day but in terms of seeing like the daily drops for state polling that we were seeing in some points in 2016 and 2020 or even national picture daily drops besides TIP there's really not much else out there. So I don't know what your two what your the impressions are for either of you about the state of polling. Basically it's been we've been looking at cement for the last couple of weeks. Catherine do you have any thoughts on it? Yeah I mean it's what we've been saying now for quite some time that this comes down to Blue Wall, Blue Wall, Blue Wall. I mean you look at Nevada, you look at Georgia, North Carolina, all important states but from the perspective of Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, you know for Harris or Trump there's no pathway to the presidency without one or multiple of these states. So you see them where they're spending their time, you're seeing in the polling that you know Harris has that slight edge but really neck and neck down to margins of errors there. So that's just where my focus continues to be. Yeah I mean I think I think that's spot on. One thing that I've been paying a lot of attention to and a lot of reporters have frankly in this final stretch is the gender gap in this election. If you look at polls Trump is leading men by I think in the in an August Wall Street Journal poll he's leading men by about 10 points, Harris is leading women by about 13. And so this has been kind of stunning to watch in this final stretch. Of course there's been a lot of media coverage of Harris's outreach to black men in particular. You know last week there was a bunch of coverage of president former president Barack Obama kind of chiding black men and saying that you know maybe some of you just don't want to see a woman as president. The Trump campaign of course had a field day with with that with those remarks there. But of course this cuts both ways. I mean there are a lot of women out there who are who are you know put off by Trump's personality or are concerned about abortion. So it'll be really interesting to look at some of the exit polling on the gender gap here at Geneva. Yeah I think that in summary it's been interesting to look at. We've got some New York Times had a really interesting set of oversampling of black voters and Hispanic voters. They released this past week and Saturday and Sunday which because we've seen a lot of this kind of really screwy down you know down deep in the weeds when you're looking at the cross tabs of polling some polling showing Donald Trump getting a huge number of black voters or Hispanic voters and then oddly very small numbers amongst white voters and that's what's kind of causing these top line numbers a little bit odd. Their oversampling did show that Donald Trump's in a position to win a considerable share of the black vote compared to previous Republican candidates but also that's at the trade-off of losing and losing ground with white voters. That's something that we've also seen. So you know in a couple of weeks time we'll see how accurate the polls are. I still think there's going to be a polling error one way or the other and also there are late deciders which is a small number of the vote but it wouldn't shock me if as tight as everything is down the middle if one candidate ends up sweeping every single state because that's what can happen with three or four percent. Catherine I want to kind of continue a little bit you mentioned the blue wall and particularly mentioned my favorite state of Pennsylvania. And you have and you yourself have been spending some time in western Pennsylvania correct? Yes yeah so you might notice I'm not in the notice office as usual I'm here in my mobile campaign headquarters here of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania I'm in the car. Jess finished up with JD Vance who was in Pittsburgh just now in the city. It's really notable because this is the first time the Trump or Vance Trump has not been to Pittsburgh. He actually hasn't been to Allegheny County at all. That's the county surrounding Pittsburgh it's a Democratic stronghold but still a couple hundred thousand plus Republican votes here for Trump both in 2016 and 2020. So Vance being here right in the heart of Pittsburgh is a very significant stop and before that I was up north in Erie Pennsylvania. Harris was there on Monday speaking to a crowd of about 6,000 in Erie and then Governor Walls was hitting some of the rural counties surrounding Erie Pennsylvania as well. And what I've been hearing in the last few days in this kind of stretch across western Pennsylvania where both campaigns are spending considerable amounts of time looking at this state concentrated in that area. It's really focused on the economy and it's focused on manufacturing. Across the region here we've seen a loss of manufacturing jobs steel industry other manufacturing work and that's something that people are really feeling and have felt for decades and very much so this was a group in 2016. You look at union and non-union blue collar men in particular white non-college educated men that's a group that decided this for Trump in Pennsylvania as well as those other blue wall states. So that is the group that Harris and Wall's and Trump and Vance are both courting here in western Pennsylvania it's really a message focused on the economy. Yeah the interesting part about Metro Pittsburgh western Pennsylvania Metro Pittsburgh had voted lockstep Democratic going from the 1988 presidential election where the caucus wanted in a suite. Still lost a statewide statewide vote because H.W. Bush had done so well in the suburban collar around Philadelphia. And in fact it stayed that way and voted blue for every single presidential election all the way through the Bush years. Voted for Obama in 2008 the first cycle where Metropolitan Pittsburgh actually voted Republican was when Mitt Romney challenged Barack Obama back in 2012. It was by the thinnest of margins. That exploded with Donald Trump. In fact it exploded so much that it completely offset his fall if you will from Romney's numbers in the suburban collar around Philadelphia. And so that kind of tipped the balance enough where Donald Trump beat Hillary Clinton in Pennsylvania. So it's a very critical region and for both political parties. If Trump is somehow able to even raise the margins further in Metro Pittsburgh that will offset some of his expected losses in Philadelphia collar. Question of course is it's going to be enough on the balance. Yeah this is really it's all about a margins game here. So when you look at the Harris campaign they've taken so many different stops in rural deep red areas of Pennsylvania that from an outsider perspective you're thinking why are they spending their time. You know that's their biggest resource on these areas that they won't win. But it's all about the margins in Trump countries. So really seeing Vance in downtown Pittsburgh today is the exact opposite of that. Where eating into those margins both in the city of Pittsburgh but really Allegheny County these areas that Harris needs a maximum voters in order to win Pennsylvania. It's the same thing playing a margins game in a place they know they won't win margins matter. I wouldn't shock me if in the last few weeks that we see Donald Trump make an appearance in Philadelphia proper. After all Philadelphia is one of the few counties in Pennsylvania that shifted right from 2016 to 2020. Most people don't realize that they seem to think that there was a bigger margin for Biden in 2020 than there was for Clinton in Philadelphia. That's not true. It actually went the other direction. But anyway switching gears a little bit from one state to another and from one sense to another of the campaign we are in the final few weeks and we've noticed that there's been kind of an explosion in populist economics from both campaigns in these closing weeks. And I believe Audrey you had some thoughts on that. I do. Many many thoughts. So I was recently on the campaign trail with Bernie Marino who's the GOP Senate nominee in Ohio. And he is of course very similar to the J.D. Vance type when it comes to trade policy farm policy and populist economics. And we're of course seeing this on both tickets as Brandon mentioned. It took a little while for Kamala Harris to announce her economic policy handbook. But when she did you know she cribbed Trump's idea for no tax on tips. She wants to build three million new housing units and give first time home buyers twenty five thousand dollars in tax credits which is pretty interesting. And then you know Trump has always run as an economic populist since he walked down that golden escalator nine years ago I guess almost a decade since he's been on the political scene. But in this final stretch we're seeing a lot of really interesting proposals that came as kind of a surprise to old guard Republicans. You know he's always been a supporter of tariffs. But in these past final few months he's proposed no taxes on tips and overtime pay a 10 percent credit card interest rate half temporarily a 10 percent which was kind of interesting federal government coverage of IVF that certainly came as a surprise to a lot of people. And then of course you know breaking with the old guard GOP you know head of the convention they decided to change the party the party book to basically next entitlement reform. And so that's obviously kind of signals where the party is moving. It's more of a party that accepts big government in some instances. So the reason I think it's important to talk about this is you know we're just a couple weeks out from Election Day and if if Trump manages to win the White House if they flip the Senate even if they don't hold on to the House you know there would be a lot of really interesting fascinating conversations in the GOP about about trade and economic policy and of course foreign policy. And you know the party has been shifting in this popular populist direction. And I think that Trump's decision to pick Vance as his running mate signals that that's kind of where he wants the party to move. Catherine I'm curious if you have any thoughts on that. I know you're always on the Hill as well so you're probably thinking about these questions too. Yeah when I'm not on the trail I'm typically on the Hill. That's where I spend the majority of my time and you know looking if Trump does win there's certainly that old guard new guard Republican tensions that we've really been seeing since 2017. But what's different now like especially looking at the House is that the the makeup of the Republican Conference is far more Trump aligned and Trump comfortable now compared to in 2017 when you have a lot of House Republicans who had been there and even newer House Republicans who are rejecting kind of Trump's economic message. Now a lot of them get on board the ones who don't get on board some have retired some have left some have been primary voted out and what's left is a conference that is much more aligned with the Trump agenda than what we saw in a first term. So you know when you're looking at economic policy when you're looking at foreign policy that certainly played out over this last year on Ukraine where even without a Trump presidency Trump had a lot of influence in the discussions among the Republican Conference the influence of the Freedom Caucus. So expect those tensions to still be there if Trump is elected but it's certainly a conference much more aligned with his economic message than what we had in a first Trump term. Well I think that's a great way to kind of wrap things up and especially on where things are right now where things can be going direction in the future because of course in the event that Donald Trump is elected on November the 5th and over the 6th the 2028 campaign begins effectively. It all starts all over again so four more years of that and with that I think we're good to wrap things up for this edition of Let Me Finish so for Catherine Swartz, Audrey Falberg and myself. I want to thank you all for watching again of course you can like and subscribe to our channel. Position Desk HQ is your source for all sorts of election information and of course on election night in November we will have all the big results for all the federal and statewide races across the country. For Decision Desk HQ I'm Brandon Finnegan thanking you for watching and we'll see you again.