 Kamala Harris just can't catch a break. A resurfaced clip from 2019 is blowing up. It's reminding everyone about her nutty anti-fracking stance. Now with Pennsylvania in place, she's trying to backpedal. How convenient, right? The people aren't letting her get away with it. We'll cover her flip-flop, why voters aren't buying it, and why this lie in particular is extremely important for voters in states like Pennsylvania and others. Let's get into it. Hey guys, welcome back to the channel. Now please subscribe if you haven't already. Hit that notification bell and smack the like button because it helps us with the algorithm. Alright, so Kamala Harris, remember her? Well she's found herself in hot water again and this time it's thanks to a little something from 2019 that has come back to haunt her. You see back then Harris was proudly declaring that climate change is the single greatest threat facing our world today. Bullshit, bullshit, bullshit, bullshit. And she wasn't stopping there. She was saying also that she was committed to passing the Green New Deal. Remember that monstrosity? What, it bankrupted the country? Well guess what? They've been giving us the Green New Deal. The Biden regime has been doing it unlawfully through executive orders, but that's another video. Give this a watch. Let me start by saying this. Climate change is the single greatest threat facing our world today. That's why I am committed to passing a Green New Deal, creating clean jobs, and finally putting an end to fracking once and for all. Did you hear that guys? Putting an end to fracking once and for all. Now that's a pretty bold statement, especially when you're trying to woo voters from states like Pennsylvania, where fracking is not just a hot topic, it's a livelihood for many people. But hey, when you're on Jimmy Fallon's show, why not go big right? But here's where things get interesting. Fast forward to today and what do we have? That very same clip unearthed and broadcast by Fox News is now making waves on social media. Conservatives are jumping on this all over social media. And you know what? It's not hard to see why. Harris's stance back then was loud and clear. She was all in on banning fracking and shoving the Green New Deal down America's throat. But who how times have changed. As soon as Kamala set her sights on the White House, things got, shall we say, flexible. In a recent interview on CNN with Dana Bash, who asked her about her stance in 2019, she made a complete U-turn. Watch this. In 2019, I believe, at a town hall, you said you were asked, would you commit to implementing a federal ban on fracking on your first day in office? And you said there's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. So yes. So it changed in that campaign. Now Dana Bash's credit, what she just asked her there was, well, you said that your values have not changed. So did you change your stance on fracking, that you're now for it and you're not going to ban it back in 2019 in the 2020 campaign cycle? I mean, she gave her the benefit of the doubt. But listen to this. In 2020, I made very clear where I stand. We are in 2024 and I've not changed that position. So so then what we heard on Jimmy Fallon, she has not changed that position, but then listen to the flip flop. Will I going forward? I kept my word and I will keep my word. What made you change that position at the time? Well, let's be clear. My values have not changed. Again, she keeps saying my values have not changed. Then I guess he is for banning fracking once and for all. That's what she said. What I have seen is that we can we can grow and we can increase a thriving clean energy economy without banning fracking. Holy mackerel. What I have seen is that we can grow and we can increase a clean energy economy without banning fracking. How is that possible, Kamala? And she won't explain it because she has no idea what she's saying. Clean energy is the little that's the key word that they use to say that it's going to be electric, clean energy. It's going to be electric because according to them, anything fossil fuel is not clean at all. What's really interesting, it's almost like someone realized banning fracking isn't the best idea when you need those Pennsylvania votes. So in a nutshell, Kamala Harris is lying about not wanting to ban fracking. She is the vice president to Joe Biden, who in 2020 went out of his way to certify his position that fossil fuel will go away under him. Remember when he looked at young woman in the eye and said, look me in the eye when I'm president, fossil fuels will be no more. But, but kiddo, I want you to just take a look, OK? You don't have to agree, but I want you to look in my eyes. I guarantee, I guarantee we're going to end fossil fuel and I am not going to fuck with it. Now, I never heard Kamala come in and say, do you mean fracking to Joe? Because we shouldn't ban fracking. She was all in then. She's all in now. She's just trying to get the votes. Pennsylvania isn't just any state. It's a vital swing state, guys. And Harris currently holds a razor thin lead here. It's my home state. No clear politics puts her at forty eight point three percent compared to Trump with forty seven point six. Now Trump is always undercounted, but still. So naturally Trump isn't wasting any time. He's pointing out her flip flop and even warning during the last debate that fracking in Pennsylvania will end on day one if she's elected. And I believe it too. I am from Pennsylvania. A lot of people in my state support their families and feed their children by working in the fracking industry. It's very good work for the people that Kamala Harris traditionally doesn't give a shit about. You know, those flyover people, those middle class flyover folks. Well, let's get real for a second. Who's actually buying this sudden change of heart? She was anti fracking in twenty nineteen and we all know that's still her stance, no matter what she says now. Voters in Pennsylvania aren't fooled. And get this. This latest gaffe might just cost her. The past has a funny way of catching up, especially when it comes to politics. Things like this really piss me off, guys. Kamala is lying to the people for their votes about their very livelihood. She's lying to them and hoping that she'll get through to them with the lie so that she can put them out of work. I know people in the fracking industry aren't falling for. But what about all the other people who vote in Pennsylvania? Because shutting down fracking will also harm them. Think about this. When they asked Kamala countless times how she would lower prices in the stores and get inflation under control, she went through this diatribe about how she grew up in a middle class family. Even that's a bold place lie, but she threw out some more words out because he didn't have an answer. When Trump was asked the question, he very succinctly said, drill baby drill. Now for you liberals out there, I'll explain this to you because you're morons. Gravity is the life's blood of any country. When gasoline skyrockets in cost, those skyrocketing dollars get added to the products that trucks are delivering to your local grocery store and any other place where you buy things. For example, a truck delivering groceries, fresh produce, say, if they don't factor in the cost of fuel to make the deliveries, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris' high gas prices would make it so that the trucking company loses money. If a trucking company is going to lose money, they're not going to make the deliveries. It's as simple as that. They're not stupid like you liberals. So when you make energy cheaper, everything about our daily lives, all the things that we need to purchase to live in a civilized society in 2024, the prices come down. You can't explain this to a communist progressive like Kamala Harris because it doesn't affect her. Kamala Harris gives this lavish lifestyle mostly off of her campaign donations, wearing $900 shoes, $3,000 dresses and jewelry that cost more than my car. He doesn't give a rat's ass about you and your grocery bill. He doesn't care one iota about you and your electric bill or your water bill. Kamala Harris, like the rest of them on the left, cares only about controlling you, your life, your children's lives, your parents' lives, everyone who is not in her sphere. So what do you guys think? Is Kamala's sudden tolerance for fracking believable or is it yet another line of bullshit she goes through just to win votes? Let us know in the comments below and don't forget to tune into our live stream on Friday. Alright, thanks for watching. Subscribe and hit that notification bell if you want to be kept up to date with the latest political gaffes and news stories of Kamala Harris. I'll see you in the next one. Spread the word. I'll bump in our streams, feeding us to see. We're tired of the show, we're sick of the con. But they'll keep lying until we're all gone.