 Kamala Harris is in Pennsylvania tonight, which may very well be the most important tipping point state in this year's election. Vice president spoke to a crowd of thousands in Wilkes-Barre. It's a former coal mining town in Luzerne County, a place Donald Trump won by more than 14 points in 2020. However, crucially, his margin in 2020 was slimmer than it was in 2016 when Trump defeated Hillary Clinton by 19 points. And that, keeping that trend going, is the formula for statewide success in Pennsylvania. Kamala Harris needs to keep her attention on places like Wilkes-Barre, where she is not going to win outright, but she could lose by less than her predecessor did. And every little bit can help Harris get over the top and win the all-important state. Austin Davis is the Democratic lieutenant governor of Pennsylvania. Charlie Dent is a former Pennsylvania congressman, now a senior adviser at Our Republican Legacy, an initiative to bring back traditional Republican principles. And they both join me now. Lieutenant Governor, let me start with you, because you were on a ticket with Governor Josh Shapiro in 2022 that really ran a 57-county strategy in the Commonwealth. And it paid off in those margins in lots of counties in which your ticket didn't outright win, but shave those margins. How important is it to get out around the state for the Democratic ticket? Well, thank you, Chris, for having me today. It's great to be with you. It's 67 counties here in Pennsylvania. And it's critically important, because you can't win with just Democrats alone here in Pennsylvania. You have to build a coalition of Democrats, Republicans and independents to win this state. And so you can't just rely on big cities like Philadelphia and Pittsburgh to carry you across the finish line. You have to go to counties where it may not be easy to be a Democrat at times. And you have to talk to those voters and connect with them and talk about how we're going to make their lives better. That's exactly what Josh Shapiro and I did in our campaign for governor and lieutenant governor. And you're seeing Vice President Harris do that with her stops in Wilkes-Barre and Johnstown today. You have to make sure you get out in these counties, because we know this election is going to be close. The last presidential election was decided by less than a percentage point. And in a scenario like that, the margins really do matter. Charlie, the vice president sat down with a local affiliate, I think outside Philadelphia today or Philadelphia affiliate while she was in the state and gave an interview. And she sort of hit this central theme that I think is part there's a sort of substantive appeals to folks in the center who may not be Democrats. And then there's a kind of thematic rhetorical one, which I think has been central. We saw in the debate. I want you to take a listen and tell me what you think. This is Kamala Harris speaking to a local reporter in Pennsylvania. In my heart, I know in my soul, I know that the vast majority of us as Americans have so much more in common than what separates us. And I also believe that I am accurate in knowing that most Americans want a leader who brings us together as Americans and not someone who professes to be a leader who is trying to have us point our fingers at each other. I think people are exhausted with that approach, to be honest with you. What do you think about the exhausted line, the sort of uniter, not divider approach, Charlie? Well, I think that type of message will resonate. I do think that people do get frustrated with Donald Trump because of his own personal grievances. You know, they're exhausted with all of his complaints about January 6. And now he's getting off on tangents on our people eating up their immigrants, eating pets in Springfield, Ohio. We're tired and exhausted with it. So I think that's actually that's a message that resonates. And Chris, I do need to point out, and I agree with Governor Davis, that, you know, there are 67 counties in Pennsylvania. And between 2016 and 2020, Donald Trump did marginally worse in 66 out of 67 counties from 2016 to 2020. He did worse. The only county he did marginally better in was Philadelphia, where he was beaten. He was beaten badly there, but he did a little bit better there. But every other county is where his margin slipped. And I think the Harris campaign is trying to maybe take a little bit of a page out of the Biden playbook in Pennsylvania, where you try to shave down the margins in all these other states, because the Democrats will lose most of the counties by a conservative margin, but they'll win the big counties with the big population centers. And that's where that's where the game is. But they have to go to Wilkes-Barre and Johnstown's and other places like that where they're going to lose, but maybe by a little less. But, Governor, I want to talk to you about something. Yeah, go ahead. No, I was going to say, just to jump in there, I think we as Democrats have to go to places where it's not comfortable to be Democrats. We have to compete in every community. We can't leave any community behind. And I think particularly as a party, we haven't focused enough on rural communities. And I think that's what Josh Shapiro and I have been doing. And I think that's what we're seeing Vice President Harris do. Let me let me ask you this just to follow up with you on. It is so it's a little strange. We have to say. I understand that fracking has been a large driver of industry in Pennsylvania. It's been central a bunch of people. There's a weird way in which like Pennsylvania equals the issue of fracking is this kind of like conventional political wisdom that I just have a hard time squaring the math on. Like there's 26, 35,000 people that have jobs in the industry. There's 13 million people in the state. I understand it's important to some folks. Do you think fracking is like central to the minds of voters in Pennsylvania? The time Governor then I'll ask you, Charlie. Yeah, look, I think overall Pennsylvania is a big industrial state. We're an energy producing state. And I think folks are concerned about their jobs and their families, economic well-being. They're concerned about the jobs that they have today being there tomorrow. And so I think when people talk about fracking, I think it encompasses a lot of that. And I think many times Democrats have not necessarily embraced an all of the above energy strategy. And folks in particularly communities like mine in the Mon Valley region of Allegheny County, those big steel country have seen jobs leave and they know how that devastates a community. And so folks want to continue to see a bright economic future and they want a leader who's going to fight for that future. I think Kamala Harris has demonstrated that she's that leader. What I would add, Charlie, go ahead. Yeah, the fracking and the natural gas industry really does speak to the industrial heritage of Pennsylvania, steel, coal, cement. This is a state that has been known for basic industry and energy. And so I think it's absolutely a front of mind issue to a lot of a lot of Pennsylvanians. And I think it's something to where Donald Trump is making hay out of it. But Harris had to get herself adjusted on that issue because it speaks to a lot of working Americans who can identify with that industry. And Pennsylvania, by the way, we're the second largest natural gas producing state in the nation. And we've helped change. We, Pennsylvania, have helped change the dynamics of energy throughout the world. And so I think many Pennsylvanians are aware of the impact it is not just in America, but throughout the world.