 And former President Trump's stumping in Georgia as the key swing state is shattering its early voting turnout record. Trump's also touting his tariff policy and vowing to take on the CCP. And today's Iris Tao brings us more from Atlanta, Georgia. At 7 30 p.m. Eastern time tonight from a president Trump will take the stage right behind us here in Atlanta, Georgia for a speech on the economy. It comes as Trump is again laying out and defending his free policies in an interview with the Chicago Economic Club. Trump touting his tariff policies for companies that are going to make their product in the USA. We're going to protect those companies with strong tariffs because I'm a believer in tariffs. And that went to prevent China from damaging the US auto industry. I put tariffs on China, but I put 27.5 percent. Otherwise we'd be flooded with Chinese cars and and all of our factories would close would have no jobs at all in the auto industry. But while Trump says his policies will bring companies back to the US without raising costs for consumers. The hears his campaign is calling Trump's positions unpopular and damaging. In a statement the Harris campaign says Trump's proposals to raise the national sales tax will raise costs for families by thousands of dollars per year. Meanwhile, polls are showing the two candidates in a dead heat and voters are excited here in this key swing state. As the first state of early voting kicked off here in Georgia on Tuesday a top election official here in Georgia says by 4 p.m. more than 250 thousand people have cast their vote shattering the state's early voting turnout record on the first day. Trump on through social is calling on voters here to get out and vote saying quote if you have a ballot return it immediately and if not go vote at the polls right now. Trump's also taping a Fox News town hall here in Georgia which will air tomorrow at 11 a.m. Eastern time. Reporting from Atlanta Georgia, Iris Tao and Hyli News. The Harris-Waltz campaign has a full schedule this week in multiple battleground states. Governor Tim Walz announcing new proposals from the ticket to benefit rural America and to these Jason Blair has an update from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Vice President Harris is running mate Governor Tim Walz announced new plans from the team for America's rural areas. First, Walz says they want to recruit an additional 10,000 rural health care professionals to enhance access to affordable high quality health care in rural areas. And they want to build 3,000 more independent pharmacies as well as make efforts to keep current ones open. And they want to support the sandwich generation which is usually people in their 30s to 50s who are simultaneously taking care of their aging parents as well as their own children. And they also want to reduce the cost of child care. They want to make sure farmland isn't taken over by big corporate buyers. Then they want to support family farmers and quote help ensure future generations of American farmers can thrive by helping beginning farmers get more access to credit and connecting them with all sorts of training and technical assistance. Then Tuesday, Governor Tim Walz had multiple radio interviews scheduled in rural areas in battleground states that he joined remotely. And the Harris camp also released a new radio ad targeting rural voters in battleground states. Vice President Harris appeared on a live radio show in Detroit on Tuesday and Wednesday. She'll sit down for a highly anticipated Fox News interview which is scheduled to air Wednesday night at 6 p.m. Reporting in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Jason Blair, Entity News. And as Harris gears up for her Fox News appearance, former President Trump intensifying his campaign efforts in key battleground states for their insights into the strategies of the two campaigns. Let's bring in Republican strategist Bobby Eberle and Democratic strategist Chip Franklin. Bobby Eberle, Chip Franklin, thank you both so much for joining. Glad to be here. Thanks for having me. It's great to have you both. Chip, let's start with you. Vice President Harris has agreed to an interview with Fox News tomorrow, Fox's Brett Baier. What do you expect to come out of this interview and will it ultimately help her? Well, you know, I've been a Democratic strategist for a long time and I've been on Fox a few times on all the shows. Hannity, Laura Ingraham, Leland Vitter, The Weeknd Show. And I found that that for the most part, if you're not talking to Hannity, if you're not talking to, again, Ingraham, in some cases, it's going to be fair. Brett Baier has been tough on Trump and I assume he's going to have tough questions for her. But the real question here is, is that, you know, why won't Trump do this as well? Why won't Trump go with Brett Baier and others? And what does he have to hide? I mean, I know what we all know what they're going to ask questions. They're going to ask her about immigration. They're going to ask her about the border bill. They're going to ask, you know, again, you saw Youngkin talking the other day about Trump's promise to go after Schiff and other radical left the United States with the military. There's a lot there that she can answer to. And I would imagine Baier is going to have a hard time asking questions that haven't already been answered in the public, especially about immigration and then Johnson and Trump killing that border bill. So I think she's going to do well. And I think this is really smart on her behalf. I think she's doing it in a lot of reasons because the race is that close. And I think she realizes that there are people that are going to come watch this. You know, there's 100 Republicans now that have left and they're in Harris' camp. So I think she sees this as an opportunity and a good one. Bobby, what would you like to see Brett Baier ask Kamala Harris? Well, yeah, this is a good this is a question. I agree a lot with what Chip was saying about, you know, these questions. She has been asked these questions before. Brett tends to be tough on Trump. And but in my audience, in my sphere, my world, you know, there's a lot of talk going on about this interview and what questions we'll be asking if it's as tough as it needs to be, because we've seen the CBS interview, the 60 Minutes, these these other interviews that get edited and put out. And so there's there's a side of the Republican Party conservatives that are just dying for a straight question and answer. And although I would agree that a lot of these questions have been asked, the key to any good interview is that follow up is, OK, you just dodged. You did your dodge or your branding item. Now let's get to the real meat. And why have you flipped on issue after issue after issue? I think if Brett could probe into that and get some straight answers as to, you know, why my values haven't changed, but my positions on issues have, then I think it could be entertaining and informative. And I don't really think she puts a lot at risk there because of the way the campaign's been trending. You could tell that the basement strategy changed. And so they're out there doing more of these interviews. I just wonder if it'll be enough. Chip, I want to tap into your Democratic strategist background here with Harris seeming to face a bit of a dilemma. How much to align with Biden versus how much to differentiate herself from him? What approach do you think would be the best path forward for her right now? I'm a big Joe Biden fan. So I think what Biden's economy is a great thing if you look at the economy and of course, the GDP that he's had, he's had seven quarters of plus four percent growth where Trump never had three percent growth in all 16 quarters he had. And you can go back to Obama and Clinton and see the Democrats have done great things with the economy. So I wouldn't run away from that. And you've got to remember, too, that Biden was a real proponent for protecting Ukraine back during the Clinton administration. This is a man that has loved democracy and he's been a servant for this country for 50 plus years and has done wonderful things. I really believe that she should hold tight and true to the strong part of the Democrats message, which is that we have we have a border bill that we presented to this president who Johnson and he vetoed. That would have ended catch and release that would have held asylum seekers in in some sort of holding until their cases were adjudicated, would have shut down the border with 5000 encounters. This was a strong border bill. No, I think that Biden is a strong pillar for her in a lot of areas. The public representation of him as an old man succeeded and the Democrats removed him in a right way. They did it through the convention like it's supposed to be done. And now she's the candidate and she's doing really well. So I think Biden is a good thing, a good pillar, a good anchor. Now, Bobby, during her recent appearance on ABC's The View, Vice President Harris was asked if she would have done anything differently than Biden during their term together. I want to play that sound and get your reaction. If anything, would you have done something differently than President Biden during the past four years? There is not a thing that comes to mind in terms of and I've been a part of of most of the decisions that have had impact. Now, she's come under a bit of criticism for that response. What's your reaction? Oh, well, my reaction is if we are going to go with this campaign of clinging on to Biden and his policies on the economy border, then I would advocate that as well, because then we're going to win and we're going to win in the landslide. The idea of running a change campaign without change is kind of nonsensical. She says she wouldn't change anything. To run as a change candidate, you have to actually offer something different. And that answer on The View was just it was so damning to her campaign. Chip, VP Harris recently announcing a new initiative in Pennsylvania aimed at black men to offer forgivable business loans to black entrepreneurs and create more apprenticeships. How effective do you think this strategy will be and why does she still continue to struggle in gaining the support of young black voters? Well, a couple of things there. That is also for all minorities. It's not just African-Americans. It's for Hispanics. It's for women. It's for a lot of different people across the country. To your point, however, there's a brand new poll that just came out yesterday conducted by you go for CBS News and found that Harris has similar support for black voters as Joe Biden did in 2020. I'll read you the 87 percent of black voters have said they would vote for Biden. Only 12 percent said they would vote for Trump. So that was a non-news story yesterday. Bobby, it's sort of fascinating that Kamala seems to be struggling with younger minority voters versus Trump struggling with white women, suburban voters. Why do you think this is? And what do you think the younger minority population, why do you think they're gravitating more toward Trump this cycle? Well, I think you can I think you could sum it up in one word and that is real. And that is why Trump's going on these podcasts. And when he does, the reaction he gets from minorities or just young people in general is just it's outstanding. And the reason is because he's not afraid to go out there. He's not afraid to talk issues and just tell it like it is. People on the street interviews when they're talking about Kamala Harris is fake, just not real. They don't know where she stands on anything. So now in this the home stretch, the final three weeks, when something does come out about a new plan for this group or a new plan for that group, it doesn't resonate because people don't believe it. They believe now in a campaign that's that's floundering and will say anything. And so I think that is what you're seeing, that that positive reaction from younger voters actually motivated for the Republican candidate, which is great to see. Bobby Eberle, Chip Franklin, really appreciate both of you. Thanks, guys. Thank you.