 Good morning and welcome back to Rising Fridays. I'm here in the studio COVID free. Thank you for holding it down for weeks. I had to sit on the side of the table. How was it over here? Disorienting. Yeah, I know the camera and the teleprompter on this side is about half a mile away. Yeah, it's too much. It's too much. But you're feeling good. You're ready for action. I think they're like they're not drinking the no caffeine and the sleeping. I feel better. Have you ever been on COVID without alcohol? Mostly. I thought that was... I mean, you should not drink while you have COVID. It's not good for your immune system. I'm not a doctor, but... I'm not a doctor either, but I wasn't perfect, but I got through it. Okay. Well, congratulations on your recovery ride. My wife was like pounding high noons when we tested positive. I'm not sure that's the move. That's not what the CDC recommends right now. Well, first of all, they're full of citrus. That's true. Vitamin C. Vitamin C. Vitamin C and vitamin C. Right. So there's a big week coming up and one of the fun things about Rising Fridays is that we get to sort of preview what's happening next week as we go into the weekend to get that lens for as soon as the curtain rises on Monday, there are primaries Tuesday. These are contentious races. These are fun ones. They're fun races. And in the sort of spirit of primary season, there's some lessons I think to be learned about the evolution of both the Republican and Democratic Party in 2022 from some of these races. We can start with what's happening in Pennsylvania. That to me is one of the most fascinating races period because you have a candidate like Dr. Oz, then you have the more traditional Republican candidate in McCormick. And now Kathy Barnett is surging to the point where this race is neck and neck because she had a good debate performance and because people are totally dissatisfied with the other two choices. People don't love Dr. Oz, although he does in polling have a decent chunk of the vote. He's endorsed by Donald Trump. Then you have McCormick who's sort of a more Republican, typical Republican. He's something like that. And you know, those are the two front runners. And then Kathy Barnett comes out of nowhere, has a great debate performance, and it started to get really ugly. It started to get really ugly because there are people in the Trump camp who are extremely dissatisfied with his decision to back Dr. Oz. And so their resources in some cases have gone to Kathy Barnett and McCormick. But as Barnett has risen, she's an interesting candidate, an interesting person. People both like, like the likes of Sean Hannity have come out swinging. We actually have a good clip from Hannity. Yeah, take a look. I'm Mary Season. She tweeted. There's a lot of tweets. Did you see last the last presidential debate? Trump was horrid. Followed up that with Trump is just as liberal as Democratic leaders. We currently have an office morality matters and Trump does not rank high in it. She also wrote Trump is good for beer, for beers and barbecue, not as a president and claim that Trump's moral character is questionable. And by the way, she even tweeted this about me and there's me and says, oh, Glenn Beck, actually. Why does Hannity support unprincipled Donald Trump? And it gets worse. More resurfaced tweets are even more disturbing. One from her Twitter account in 2016 reads, quote, don't we get it? Obama is a Muslim. And there are lots of these tweets from another 2013. She says, please pray for my babies and me. We're about to board the plane to California. And there is a homosexual female and linking out to a Facebook post moments ago. One of our producers spoke to Kathy Barnett. She claimed she cannot recall the context of the tweet about Obama or any of the other controversial quotes. And when we asked her about the tweet about boarding the plane, she said to our producer, quote, I would never say that. Those are not my words. I don't know if she's claiming that her Twitter account was hacked, but it's on her official Twitter account. So with only six days left in this campaign, there are serious, real open questions about the surging Kathy Barnett campaign and where she truly stands on issues. OK, there's a lot going on. So much. So much to unpack, as they say from that. Ryan, what stands out to you from Hannity's broadside against Barnett? I mean, one, I mean, it's interesting that he feels like he just needs to unleash, unload everything that he's got on her. But also it leaves people like me scratching our heads. We're like, wait a minute. So Fox News used birtherism. Hillary Clinton used Fox News to get his birth. Yes. But starting 2012, going back, like Donald Trump, the reason that they kept having him on Fox, this is before, oh, Mark Penn in 2008 doing that stuff. So Donald Trump constantly on Fox News doing the birtherism thing. Maybe he's from Africa. He never probably necessarily said he's Muslim, but that was the whole implication of the entire birtherism thing. Definitely fueled a lot. Right. And so Fox News fuels this birtherism, which then fuels Trump and now is utterly appalled that they're losing control of it. And so we're like several degrees of lost control down. So first you have like Boehner and Cantor absolutely loving the energy of the Tea Party. I think that this is going to get them back in the majority. It does. But but it also decapitates both of them. So they lose control of the Tea Party. Then you have the Tea Party losing control to the Trump movement. And for some reason, everybody that takes control under this process thinks that this is the end of the process, that now they are going to be the ones that are going to be able to manage this chaos that they've unleashed. And now all of a sudden Trump has endorsed Dr. Oz and you've got somebody who's taking the birtherism and the and the and Obama's a Muslim and all this crazy stuff, which YouTube monitors. Not true. None of us true. And taking it to its logical extreme and just saying it out loud and to have Hannity be the one to be appalled at that. It's like, well, wait a minute. This this is the energy that you unleashed. And what I love about this coming primary, I don't know what's going to happen. Like she like I she could win. Maybe maybe Oz and McCormick have annihilated each other enough with enough money that people are like, you know what, this is this is the next generation of Trumpism, whether Trump's with her or not. I know what what jumped out to you about it. It's so interesting that Trump endorsed Dr. Oz. I mean, it's obvious on its face. It's obvious. But Dr. Oz is sort of problematic from a like if you are a hardcore Trump voter, Dr. Oz is not somebody that you want to hold your nose and have to vote for. Trump's argument is that Dr. Oz is who can win the general election. And that's what he said about Kathy Barnett. He said, you know, this is not somebody who can take this seat in November. Vote for Dr. Oz. But Dr. Oz, first of all, I saw this yesterday. It was very supportive of Jesse Smollett like he has because he's been a fixture in pop culture. He has all of these alliances with people that alliances and just past interactions, pleasant interactions with people that especially sort of Republican based voters detest right now in large part because they have that's something that Trump tapped into. And so Trump is using this line that Dr. Oz is who can win the general election. And Dr. Oz at the same time was a really early booster of gender assignment. Not surgeries, but treatment, affirmation treatment for dysphoria. So you go back a long time. And this is something that's played in the primary. That's part of the oppo that sort of been flung back and forth in the race to journalists and conservative media. That's been huge. So it's just it's totally splintered in the way that even Vance and Mandel in Ohio didn't because Barnett was so strong on Oz on abortion in that debate just came out swinging. Now the polling is neck and neck. And what could happen and this is something to always remember with primaries. The polling is not always very good and things happen quickly and can happen quickly before the race. So it could be possible that Oz has a 10 point lead and wins comfortably in a way that like Vance did after he got the Trump endorsement. Or this could be less than one percentage point of a win for someone. We don't know. And if she wins on Tuesday this could be the first and I mean this with all due respect the first rising commenter. Oh really. Win a primary. Let's put up her recent tweet that's responding to criticism. She says the fact is when you call out the World Economic Forum the World Health Organization and the Federal Reserve the establishment is not going to love you. That just means I'll be calling them out even louder. That feels like she's just plagiarizing from our viewership. Like there is a base or from us. There is a base for this type of thing. Let's talk about her though. Because so because there's like just days before the primary. Like the vetting process of her is happening in just a matter of hours. So what we know we know she was like grew up in Alabama. She says that she was raised on a pig farm without insulation or running water and like an outhouse. We know that she wrote a memoir so we know that she lived in Virginia for a very long time perhaps pretty until recently. We also know she ran against Madeline Dean a Democratic member of Congress in suburban Philadelphia lost by 30 which that's what you're going to do in 2018 against was was it 2018 or 2020. People can look it up on ballot PD. So she's been in Pennsylvania for a couple of years at least. She recently said that the first time she voted in Pennsylvania the one she really remembers was voting in the primary for Donald Trump in 2016. McCormick's guy posted on Twitter this morning. According to her memoir she didn't vote in 2016. So like you just poke a little bit at the bio and it starts to come apart. She she claims to have been in the Army Reserves but she's like misnamed at a bunch of different times and hasn't seemed very fluent with the with the basic military lingo. And so we'll see. Maybe she did. Maybe she didn't. But it's the kind of thing that we're going to find out probably after the primary. So is this a win for Trumpism and a loss for Trump if she wins. It's a good question. I mean you know this better than I do because you've been doing this longer and that is a dig at your age. No but in all seriousness you do know this better than I do. The primaries are so they can be so localized even when people try to nationalize them. So like Dr. Oz being a carpet bagger is actually part of this conversation too. And McCormick too. Right. Yeah. This is like they're all facing those types of. None of these are Pennsylvanians like the top three candidates are not really Pennsylvanians. Yeah. And not. Yes. And so this is it's hard to know how many lessons that we can draw from this. But I will say no matter what as someone who's sort of on the right in conservative media it has been so ugly in terms of oppo who's falling on what side who is trying to undercut who really really quickly. And so it's hard to say because in some ways Dr. Oz is representative of Trumpism very sort of progressive on LGBT issues and then very. Also by the way I'm China. That's another thing that's factored into Dr. Oz. He's getting a lot of criticism for being too friendly with China. And so you can and then sort of switching and you can see how in certain cases these things are representative and reflective. And I think what we'll be most telling is when reporters are out there at the polls talking to voters I'm going to be curious to say to see more about why voters say they're supporting X Y and Z. And that I think will be particularly telling in terms of if it's Trumpism Trump the man if this is a very if it was very localized even though people tried to nationalize it. There's just so much going on. And we probably have to move on pretty soon but just to run through a couple of the others that the Democratic primary Senate has become a sleeper. Like John Federman recently polled over 50 percent like just blowing away the competition. So unless it's just a huge polling miss it looks like it's going to be Federman which is which is his own. You know interesting attempt by Democrats to kind of break break their mold. The old school Democrats would have gone with Conor Lamb. He's just gotten no traction. So it'll be him against likely be him against whoever the Republicans put up. There's a Pennsylvania House race that is also fascinating. Summer Lee who basically making a bid to join the squad. Very squad esque member. She was a Democratic she's a Democratic socialist serving in the state legislature. Very popular in the area was up by 30 points just say a month ago. AIPAC and DMFI have come in with millions of millions of dollars and have pummeled her relentlessly. Not not over Israel but mostly just over the same thing that hit Nina Turner over which is that she's not a good enough Democrat. The irony being of course AIPAC has funded and is supporting more than 100 Republicans who voted to not certify the election. Republicans are the best Democrats. There you go. So it's like OK. Yes she's not a perfect like down the middle mainline Democrat. That's what a lot of people like about her. But really your AIPAC is going to be the one telling us who the good Democrats are. But they may have spent enough money that they will have pushed this kind of anti-union lawyer and corporate lawyer over over the finish line. Steve or Steve Irwin is going to be that that's going to be very close in Oregon. There are primaries as well. There's that 10 million dollar crypto race that we talked about earlier and Kurt Schrader who played an influential role in trying to kill build back better is facing a progressive primary challenge. He has the endorsement of Biden. But all the other kind of progressive support both in state and nationally is behind Jamie McLeod Skinner who very well may knock Schrader out. And so we'll see. One final race to watch I would say is as things develop over the next couple of weeks before the primary in Georgia between Brian Kemp and David Perdue. It's a fun one. Yeah this is a this is a big one. Trump has backed Perdue and then Mike Pence has actually elevated his involvement on the Kemp side which is really interesting. Really really interesting. President former vice president on different sides of a huge race that has very big implications or very big implications in terms of like how the message of 2020 was interpreted. And that's a couple of weeks. And yes and the man is looking pretty good in that race because Republicans like him. Right. I mean the only thing that he didn't do is steal the election for Trump. So this is where we should wrap it because that's it is a good point about as you're interpreting and we'll be interpreting primary results over the course of the cycle. But particularly in the next few weeks these are so localized in ways that national media often completely distorts and tries to make them fit into these clean easy narratives about Democrats or Republicans or the establishment or the anti-establishment crazy people non crazy people. And it just doesn't always fit sometimes short but it just doesn't always fit into those really neat boxes that they try to. So on that note we will have more rising for you after this. And thank you so much for joining us again on a rising Friday. We'll see you next week.