 Kamala having a tough time in Pennsylvania. The quote is, Pennsylvania is such a mess. Ugh, that's not good for them because they need to win Pennsylvania. Inside team Harris's unusual levels of finger pointing, which is very typical for these people, where there's no leadership at all. Many of the state's most well-connected Democrats have been worried about the operation for months. Oops, here's the report. Top Democrats in Pennsylvania, swing state, critical swing state, are worried. Kamala's operation is being poorly run in the nation's biggest battleground. They say that some Harris aides lack relationships with key party figures, particularly in Philadelphia and its suburbs. They complain that they've been left out of events and surrogates haven't even been deployed effectively. And they've urged Harris in private meetings to do more to turn out voters of color, which is strange because Kamala is a person of color. And they tell us that's super important. So some are even pointing fingers at her campaign manager, Nikki Liu, who say they say lacks a deep knowledge of Philadelphia, where Kamala must drive voter turnout in order to win. Ryan Bowyer, who as the first blackhead of the city's building trades council, one of the most powerful labor leaders in the state, this guy says, I have concerns about Nikki Liu. I don't think she understands Pennsylvania. For some Pennsylvania elected official Democrats, party leaders and allies, 20 of whom political spoke to this article. They're anxious. The in-state operation has set them back. Oh, Latino and black Democratic leaders met with Harris, officials behind closed doors in separate meetings in Philadelphia late last month, said five people who attended or who were briefed on it. And the conversations which included Liu and Harris's deputy chief of staff called Sergio, the leaders asked for a greater presence at local events. Why aren't you inviting us to these things? We're your people. They want an improved surrogate operation. They want a more sophisticated understanding of how to engage with diverse voting blocs. But they reached out to Liu for this article and she's like, I'm visiting. In recent weeks, the in-state campaign has brought on new staff, which has given some Democrats more confidence, but they fear they're running out of time. Clock is ticking. Pennsylvania is seen as pivotal for both sides, $500 million in TV ads. Ugh, I thought it was rough in Arizona. It's all over the place. Kamala has a lot going on here, man. They are dumping money into the state. Democrats fret that any mistake here could tip the election. Now Harris's path to victory depends on her ability to turn out the Democratic voters of Philly. One Democrat said, I feel like we're gonna win here, but we're gonna win in spite of Harris's campaign. Says Pennsylvania is such a mess and it's incredibly frustrating. In a statement, national campaign manager, Julie Rodriguez said that Harris's ground game and outreach are stronger than Trump's and we're aggressively crisscrossing the state. Didn't comment about complaints about Liu. Didn't wanna talk about those things. No, we're not ignoring anything in Pennsylvania. Saying, this is very common, okay, we always get complaints about it, but no, political says no, no, no. This level of frustration and finger pointing is not normal. A second Democrat elected official in the state described Liu as AWOL, wow. AWOL, away without leave. A Pennsylvania Democratic strategist said that Liu empowers a culture in the campaign that has left officials feeling unengaged and disrespected. As an example of what some say is missing, Boyer said the campaign wasn't using a mayor, Philly Mayor Cheryl Parker as a surrogate. He said she's an African-American woman who won office last year on a tough on crime message and would help Harris went over disillusioned black voters and working class white men. We need these, we need to come out and wreck our numbers. But Nikki Liu is not getting them. Parker said, I know what's at stake here. I was directly involved from day one. And former Philadelphia mayor saying the same thing, says they should honor other people. Part of this is that politics has gotten so scientific around door knocking and all these things that they forget culturally Latinos like just noise. They're just totally forgetting about the, a third Democratic elected official in Pennsylvania said the campaign is completely flooded with money and they should use those funds to reach out to Asians and Latinos, Latinxos, sorry, Latinx, where the party infrastructure is non-existent. Philadelphia city council member, Kendra Brooks, a member of the working, it's because they're Democrats, we're using their terms. Politico is trying to sanitize it. This is like how normal people talk. We're talking about Democrats and their operations. So use the proper labels. Don't try to sanitize it and color it up for them. Now the Harris campaign provided a list of Politico of several examples of surrogate events aimed at engaging voters of color. Actress America and Ferrera and others are all gonna be there. 50 staffers and sorry, no, we're working hard to get a bunch of people here. Not looking good, okay, they talk to a lot of people. It's not that they were in deficit mode, I just want more. But Burgos who chairs the Latinos con Harris, which I think is gendered. You're not allowed to say that if you're con Harris, Latinos con Harris. And that is just a bad phrasing, right? I think that's why it's, what does Trump use? He uses Latinos poor Trump, right? It's not with Harris because it's con, right? And in English, con is not a good word. It's got a negative connotation to it. But of course, Latinos con Harris, the whole thing is just a disaster. Now he said Democrats complaints are a reflection of their anxiety over a tight race. Everybody's very nervous, he said. And I think as we get closer, people get more tense. They're even more vocal. And so things are getting tense indeed. And so you saw earlier up here, it's not just the Latinos, Latinx community that they're struggling with, maybe because they keep calling them Latinx. I don't know, it could be one reason. But also having a difficult time with African American folks, with black men in particular. And so Kamala went on to Charlemagne the Gods podcast, Breakfast Club Power Hour, 105.1 FM. And they had an interview. And you can see a lot of these comments are just rough. Let's see, can we zoom in only on the comments? No, I just wanted to see if we can get those bigger. Yes, that's about as big as we can get them. But here are some of the comments. It says 75,000 a year, now feels like living off 40,000 a year. Yeah, true. The first caller asked about why our tax dollars don't go to us. She said the same speech, that she had nothing, that had nothing to do with the question. She really has the nuts to send billions of dollars of our tax dollars overseas. And some of the worst hurricanes. But those people affected here in America get $750. And like, no, that's just to start though. I have never been more disgusted as a single party. Hey, this one, Charlemagne is perfect for the job. Saying he's too dumb to ask follow-up questions, but not smart enough to make her look bad if he doesn't want those allegations against them to come back. This person says Charlemagne can now join the cast of The View. Why does Charlemagne talk crap about Harris with Andrew Schultz, but not to her face? Who else here immediately came to the comments to see him? I don't want to hear her cackling for four more years, someone says. Charlemagne, why did Obama single out black men? Kamala, I have the support of 200 Republicans, including Cheney and Romney. The only person I know to ask her hard questions was this guy says, was the brother on 60 Minutes. Yeah, we saw that, it was a good interview. That was the best interview I've ever seen of her. Whenever she says, I grew up in the middle class, I think of an SNL skit. Why didn't he ask her about the transgender ad that he saw? He was so shocked by that, why didn't he ask her? Came straight to the comments, someone said everybody wants to know, so he's not a lot of real favorable comments there, saying why don't you just show up on The View and have a nice slot there right next to Whoopi. But here is a question that she got asked about reparations in particular, an issue that they continually bring up, in my opinion, to gaslight this demographic, just like we saw in California, where Gavin Newsom was like, no, yeah, reparations, yeah, totally, we'll do it for sure. But we gotta form a commission to investigate it. And then I think the report was, what was the report? It was something ridiculous. They came back, they're like, okay, we've done our investigation, and we think we could get this whole thing settled for 4.5 quadrillion dollars or something like that. The number was like, what? Okay, so they came, and then Newsom, all of a sudden, that whole thing petered out, and it was a bait and switch. It was a dishonest thing, where he gave people a bunch of false hope, this might be something meaningful, that they were actually gonna move forward somewhere, and then he just let it fall flat when that demographic was no longer useful to him. And so it's pretty disgusting how that happens, but it happens repeatedly. But let's see where this goes, because Kamala gets asked about reparations. Let's see what she says. Valuation of the lack of resources and current living conditions in black communities nationwide. My question to you is, what's your stance on reparations? We all know that America became great off the backs of free black labor. How progressive are you on making it a priority and righting America's wrongs? It's understood that you are running for president for all people of America. Asking for specifics for black communities doesn't mean don't do for others, but black Americans are heavily asked to vote Democrat in every election for over half a century. They have been. Very little in return. What are your plans to address these very important issues and change that narrative? Thank you, Zeke. I appreciate that. Thank you, and thank you for your work. To your point, yes, I am running to be a president for all American. That being said, I do have clear eyes about the disparities that exist and the context in which they exist, meaning history, to your point. So my agenda, first of all, on the point of reparations, it has to be studied. There's no question. Oh, it's the same thing as- And I've been very clear about that position. As Newsom did. In terms of my immediate plan, I will tell you a few of the following. One, as it relates to the economy, which is a lot of what you have addressed. Look, I grew up in the middle class. Oh, I did it. My mother worked hard, raised me and my sister, and by the time I was in high school, she was able to afford our first time. You didn't think it was gonna happen right now. That's incredible. I know what it means for an individual and a family to have home ownership. I also know in the context of history, nobody got 40 acres and a mule. We have a history of a number of things, including redlining. Detroit knows it well. A history of, for example, something that still exists that I've worked on to address, which is racial bias and home appraisals. And we know home ownership is, black families are 40% less likely to be homeowners than others. And that home ownership is one of the surest ways to build intergenerational wealth, right? Because when you own a home, that's when if your child says, daddy, I wanna go to college, you can say, sweetheart, don't have to take out a loan, I'll take some equity out of the house. Or if your child says, I wanna start a small business, same point, right? My plan includes making sure that for first time home buyers, they have a $25,000 down payment assistance to just get their foot in the door. Because we know folks will work hard, they'll save and pay that monthly mortgage. All right, so then everybody's home ownership prices go up, $25,000. And then you get people who probably shouldn't be homeowners in case something else happens that requires a big expense that maybe they can't afford, then they get stuck, maybe they are in over their heads on their mortgage payments, maybe they foreclose on their homes. Now their credit's destroyed, now they're in a worse off position than they would have been if they would have just saved some money and then come up with the self-sufficiency in the financial situation to have enough money to put a down payment on a house on their own, or with the help of a family member, or it was somebody who can give them some support so that we know that they have a backstop, rather than the government just giving people money just so we can encourage more home ownership. I think that's what got us into a major real estate problem back in 2007 and 2008, in addition to credit default swaps and all the things that were happening here. I think it is largely economically illiterate, but she of course is economically illiterate, so it's par for the course. But she is now giving us a laundry list of things that she'll do in order to support black men in America, including money for new homeowners. But I think this also applies to illegal aliens. I don't think it's just for black men, so I think that's for everybody. So also illegal Latinks men also are gonna get that too, as far as I'm concerned, because she can't discriminate based on race and skin color as much as she'd like to. Can't do that yet, even though they're trying hard to do that.