 We begin this hour on the campaign trail and concerns surrounding election security. Over the weekend, the Trump campaign claimed it was recently hacked, and it's now blaming Iran for the data breach. Meanwhile, a New York Times-Siana poll now shows Vice President Kamala Harris leading Donald Trump in three key battleground states. She has a four-point lead in Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania. All of those were states that she stopped in last week on her battleground tour with Governor Tim Walz. For more on the campaigns, I want to bring in CBS News senior White House and political correspondent Ed O'Keefe. Hey, Ed, good morning. Thanks for being with us. The Trump campaign, let's start there, claims that it was hacked. So what's confirmed? And just wondering if this raises any other concerns about election security. Well, it certainly raises concerns about election security because experts have been warning for years that foreign interference is likely in various forms over the course of this presidential election season. The campaign has not provided any other specifics other than to say it believes it was hacked by some Iranian entity and cited a report that was released on Friday by Microsoft warning that Iranian-backed entities or Iranian-based entities had been doing or attempting to do these kinds of things. What basically happened is both Politico and the Washington Post say they received what appeared to be an internal campaign document from an anonymous source who had emailed it. They inquired about it, and it's at that point that the Trump campaign realized it had been hacked, or at least says it believes it had been hacked. There's been no comment otherwise from government entities about this. But even, for example, R. Chris Krebs, who's a CBS News cyber security analyst, used to run CISA, which is the big cyber security agency, did it for the Trump administration, pointed out that there had been concerns about sort of hack and leak instances, where you might see someone hack into some kind of an email account or website and then start pushing out information, what he called malinformation. And that appears to be what this might be. Whether or not we see any more information released from this anonymous source or others remains to be seen, but it has hallmarks of what happened back in 2016 when the WikiLeaks group hacked into email accounts associated with Harry Clinton's campaign and started posting information as well. That was a different time because it was the first time, like something like this had happened. So we'll wait and see exactly how, if at all, more information surfaces and what is done to disseminate it or report it if it makes sense to. And Ed, over the weekend, Trump claimed photos of crowds at Harris's rally were AI generated. This is obviously not true. We know this because CBS News had crews at each of those events over the past week. Do we have a sense of the strategy here? What is Trump hoping to achieve? It's unclear, Chanel. This reporter and several other CBS colleagues were at these events that drew five figures, more than 12,000 in Philadelphia, roughly 12,000 in Wisconsin, the event I was at last week. It was roughly 15,000 in Detroit, more than 14,000, 12,000 in Phoenix and Las Vegas, respectively, over the weekend. It happened. It was there. What he's trying to do, specifically in this case, unclear, but we know he's been trying to sow doubts and suggest that he's not getting proper attention or credit for the size and popularity of his campaign. Look, for years, since he first ran in 2015, 2016, we've reported on the massive crowds that show up for his events that were not reporting it these days. Might have to do in part because he's not holding events that size. But for example, we know that on the day he was nearly killed in Butler, Pennsylvania, there were 15,000 people there. That number's been reported. So that was more than some of the crowds that Harris had in recent weeks, or in recent days. But he hasn't had events that big in recent weeks, so there'd be no way to mention it. But again, it seems to me mostly a cry for attention and an attempt to remind people that he, too, has been able to draw crowds like that in the past and very well may be able to in the future. We'll see. Okay. Good to have that context there. At Harris's rally this weekend, she said her administration would get rid of attacks on tips for service workers. And then we saw Trump claiming that Harris had copied the idea from him. Explain this policy a bit more and why it's sort of stirring up this controversy. This is actually a great policy debate to see them having, because it speaks to a real dollars and cents concern and an idea that's designed to help save, especially working class people, money. It's a Republican idea that's been out there for several years. The idea that if you are someone who makes a low minimum wage of like $2 in change an hour, but live otherwise on the tips you get from people, which can number far more than that per hour, you shouldn't have to pay taxes on that cash tip. Maybe even the credit card tips. It's been floated for years by various Republicans. In early June, when he was campaigning in Las Vegas, in Nevada, a state with the highest number of tipped hourly service workers, he said we should stop taxing people's tips. And a lot of people thought, well, that's crazy. How would you exactly make that happen? Democrats criticized him for it. The culinary workers union, massive popular labor union in that state. They can mobilize tens of thousands of voters. Also rejected the idea saying it's not sensical and it would have to be part of other solutions. Well, what did Kamala Harris do Saturday night in Las Vegas, but say I support ending taxes on tips, as well as raising the minimum wage for workers who have those lower minimum wage levels of roughly $2 in change in some states, definitely below the federal average, because your employer is presuming that you're going to make a lot more in terms of tipped wages as well. So what she's arguing is raise the minimum wage, then allow people to get taxes or get their tips and not tax that taxable income or that tipable income. Either way, it's a popular issue to be discussing in Nevada, which again has so many people in the service industry. We were out there, for example, in late June discussing this with waiters and bartenders who said, yeah, on paper, that's a great idea. One woman told me that at the height of her bartending career, she was making about $100,000 a year in tips on top of a base salary. To not have to pay taxes on that would save her conceivably $30,000 a year, which she said would be a down payment on a house. Might be able to pay a car payment or pay off student loan for her daughter. So there's real potential savings there. But the difference in why the culinary workers union is okay with what Harris is proposing is because she's saying, let's make this tip thing part of a plan that would also raise the minimum wage. And that is something that the culinary workers union and other groups that represent service workers across the country has been saying should be raised because it's unfair to these tipped hourly wage workers to not be at least hitting the 725 federal minimum wage and then whatever they make in tips. So great to see a substantive conversation between the two campaigns on something like this. We'll see if it goes anywhere. Is Trump correct to say that she's copying her to some extent? Sure. But the Harris campaign can turn around and say, yeah, but you've said nothing about raising the minimum wage. Okay. Interesting. That O'Keefe, thank you.