 Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris has picked a governor as her running mate. It's just not Pennsylvania's. Welcome to a special episode of The Morning Agenda, WYTF's daily news podcast, where the only agenda is you. A good morning to you. It is Tuesday, August 6th, and this is being recorded at 11.16 a.m. I'm your host, Tim Lambert, with an update to this morning's podcast. The speculation in Pennsylvania's political world has come to an end. Vice President Kamala Harris has picked Minnesota Governor Tim Walz as her running mate. Governor Josh Shapiro was among the finalists for the role and is now pledging to help put Pennsylvania in the win column for the Democratic ticket. Polster Berwood Yost at Franklin and Marshall College in Lancaster says Shapiro certainly made an impression. I think his popularity, his ability to campaign effectively, and I think his ability to win votes in places where Democrats have struggled have all made him appealing as a candidate. Now Yost spoke with WYTF prior to Harris making her announcement about her VP pick, as did every other analyst you will hear in this episode. Now Shapiro was on the VP shortlist in part because of his ability to win statewide races, his skill on the stump and the importance of Pennsylvania in this year's presidential race. It has 19 electoral votes after all. Now he appears to have earned a lot of national political capital in the last few weeks as well. Philadelphia-based Democratic political consultant Mustafa Rashid says the governor will serve as a national surrogate for the Harris-Waltz ticket. That's helpful. That's helpful with fundraising. That's helpful with raising a national profile. That's helpful with establishing your credentials as a public speaker and a policy leader. There's a ton of upside in this process. Republican strategist Samuel Chen of the Little Group previously worked for people such as former Pennsylvania Republican U.S. Senator Pat Toomey. He says this was a chance for Shapiro to extend his name recognition beyond the Northeast. It does a few things. It certainly increases his visibility as a national player in both American politics and in Democratic politics. And so that can give Pennsylvania added attention. It gives him added attention. Certainly could increase his fundraising base for when he runs for reelection. And should he eye a 2028 presidential campaign or beyond, certainly more people are going to know who he is. Now Chen cautions the beef stakes could come back to hurt Shapiro's chances at reelection if voters see him as an ambitious candidate who might seek higher office before his second term is up. Shapiro for his part says he's grateful to have had the opportunity to speak with Harris about her vision for the campaign ahead, but is excited to continue working to deliver results for Pennsylvanians as governor. Well if you feel like this special episode gave you some better insight into the news of the day, please share it with your friends and on your socials because you can play a big part in spreading the word about the morning agenda and help us reach more people like you. And don't forget to follow us on Spotify and turn on those episode notifications so you are never out of the loop. And I hope you check out our Spotify playlist too. It's called the Morning Agenda Song of the Day August 2024. If you didn't listen to the earlier podcast today, The Mighty Mighty Bostones, the impression that I get is my song of the day. Just wanted to put that back out there. As I said this morning, crank up those horns. And that's going to do it for the morning agenda today. It's a daily news podcast from WITF where the only agenda is you. I should knock on wood and hope I don't have to add a third episode this morning. I'm your host Tim Lambert. Thank you so much for listening today. I always appreciate your company. Be well. We'll talk again tomorrow.