 We are less than two weeks out from election day and a number of new battleground state polls are showing a deadlocked race between Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump. Trump appears to have some momentum in the polls, but the race is still very much within the margin of error. Meanwhile, in battleground states, North Carolina and Georgia, voters are breaking early voting records, but it's unclear which party that will benefit come election day. It's time to go on the record with Scott Tranter, director of data science for Decision Desk HQ. Scott, I know we are working around the clock. Your schedule is crazy. Thank you so much for joining us. I want to jump right into it. At the beginning of October, eight out of the eight of the presidential forecasts you have been tracking had Harris between what, 50 to 60 percent chance of winning. But now six of those eight forecasts show Trump slightly favored to win. We know that each forecast has different methodologies and how they weigh partisan polling, but do you think a recent influx of right leaning or Republican leaning polling could have much of an impact on the forecast? A lot of Democrats I talked to say it could. Yeah, no, the reason why I point out eight is these eight have different methodologies on how they treat those partisan polls. Some don't even include them, some down weight them, some include them wholesale. And so that's kind of the key is it's not just one potentially partisan forecast or average moving that direction. It's all of them. And that's the trend we're looking for. That's consistent across all pretty much every polling average and every forecast out there. I want to zero in on some of the efforts the Trump campaign is making, including a number of Trump allies, namely Elon Musk. He's been on the campaign trail for the former president and has even pledged to pay up to one million dollars each day to a new Pennsylvania voter who signs the America PACs petition to support free speech and the right to bear arms. We know that this has stirred up a lot of backlash from Democrats and quite frankly, a lot of people in the legal community. But what impact is this having on Trump's campaign? I mean, is this making any movement in Pennsylvania? You know what we're going to have to see next week when we see the registration totals in Pennsylvania come out and see if there's any spike among anything. The nuance with Elon Musk thing is all he was saying is sign a petition. So he could be registering Democrats, could be registering independents. We'll have to see more next week. It certainly got a lot of press attention. I don't know whether it'll make a dent or not, but we're going to have the data in a week so we'll have a better idea. So Scott, moving to the Harris campaign, we've heard a lot of concerns in recent weeks about her weaknesses in the polls with young black and Latino men. Harvard's polling director wrote in a New York Times op-ed this week that Trump's focus on this demographic and young men in general is posing a threat to Harris and Democrats. So how big of a problem does Harris have with young men? She has one. Look, every single poll we've seen over the last month in the crosstabs have shown this trend. It's something we were talking about six months ago. We weren't sure whether it was going to persist, but pretty much nationally in every single state we see that. Conversely, we see that she has got a pretty big lead and gap above Donald Trump among women. So this is something that is going to change the electoral math and the vocals for each of them. We'll see how it balances out, but it's certainly a phenomenon that we noticed earlier this year and it's definitely going to play a role in next week's election. Another demographic that Harris seems to have some issues with is Arab American voters. Trump polls show that a sizable amount of Arab Americans are unhappy with the administration's handling of the war in Gaza and the war in the Middle East. But a new Arab News, Ugov poll shows that 45 percent of the demographic said they are most likely going to vote for Trump, while 43 percent said they would vote for Harris. That's just one poll. There's others that paint a slightly different picture. But Michigan, as we know, has the highest concentration of Arab Americans in the United States. But what are her chances in Michigan? We know that it's not just Arab Americans that are deciding this vote in Michigan. You also have a number of blue collar union voters, just a lot of very important demographics. Yeah, look, that is not the number you want to see if you're the Harris camp out of Arab Americans, especially considering Donald Trump has gotten a few high profile endorsements among local Arab American community leaders. It certainly makes it a tough uphill battle for her in a state that's projected to be decided by tens of thousands of votes. That combined with, as you mentioned, African American men, Latinos, it's certainly going to change the math for it. The only upside for is Michigan, 80 percent, white Caucasian. She is doing better amongst women. And so that's a little bit of the math in her favor. But this is why it's so close. We're not exactly sure how all these different number shifts and trend shifts are going to play out for each individual candidate, given it's so close. You know, I want to move to the Senate map now and an interesting piece that our colleague at The Hill, Alex Bolton, has out that looks at how Senate candidates in Blue Wall states, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin seem to be running away from Harris on the campaign trail and not trying not to bring her up. How much of this is about winning over Trump supporters? You could vote for Trump, but also vote for a Democrat at the Senate level. Or is this about Harris being potentially toxic on some level to some of these swing voters? I think it's a little bit of both. I mean, look, relatively speaking, she is a newer candidate. So if you were a voter on the fence, you want to see more. It's only recently, a couple of weeks, she started to do interviews. And you know, Donald Trump, he's been essentially running for president for 10 years. So I think you're looking at some reticence of voters. But I also think some of these Senate candidates, look, we see some of this split ticket that you reference. I think at the end of the day, if you're going to vote for the Democratic Senate ticket at the top, you're also going to vote for the Democratic presidential ticket. I don't see a whole lot of reverse split ticket, as they put it, coming down to the wire. Sticking with the Blue Wall, a number of the governors from those states, including Pennsylvania's Josh Shapiro, Michigan's Gretchen Whitmer and Wisconsin's Tony Evers, have hit the campaign trail in recent days to campaign for Harris in the region. Scott, do these governors have strong enough brands to carry Harris over the edge, or is this a small part of a bigger effort? It certainly helps. Look, they're drawing these Democratic governors, each in their own right, at some point, maybe Tony Evers, less so, but two of those governors were considered presidential candidates and probably will be considered presidential contenders over the next one or two cycles. So they carry a lot. What I think it most helps with is when you're a governor of a state, you get a pretty large campaign apparatus to control with the state party. You have the ability to raise money. You obviously have a proven organization because you were put into office by the organization. I think that is extremely valuable and an advantage for the Democrats in each of these states, especially since the Democrats are out raising the Republicans both at the Senate level and at the presidential level. The last two weeks of the election, we see that Democrats seem to be zeroing in on Trump's response to the January 6th attack on the Capitol and this future of democracy. Liz Cheney was campaigning with Harris earlier this week and brought this up, along with the question of abortion rights. Scott, do you think this effort to talk about these two issues could help Democrats win over key swing voters and some of these battleground states? Well, here's what I do know. Those are the two issues in which Kamala Harris holds the best. She's not talking about the economy. She's not talking about the border. Those are the top two issues amongst voter minds. But Donald Trump edges her out in those two issues. Women's reproductive rights and defending democracy. January 6th stuff, that's where she pulls better. So she's at least going to close on the two issues that voters trust her and think she's best able to handle. We're seeing that Democrats seem to be growing increasingly worried about Green Party candidate Jill Stein. And if she could be an election spoiler, we know that back in 2016, she's been blamed in part for Hillary Clinton's loss. But we see that the Democratic National Committee is launching a series of billboards in Wisconsin and Arizona attacking Stein. So are these fears and concerns from Democrats valid and which states do you think Stein could cause the most damage? Well, I mean, look, the fears are there because this race is so close. So even a half a point going to the Green Party that could otherwise go to the Democrats, they're worried about I think Michigan is probably a pretty big worry. But by and large, my expectation is is the Green Party and Jill Stein will be sub 2 percent, sub sub her polling there. And could it make a difference? Absolutely. Mathematically, it could take a difference, make a difference. But at this point, Jill Stein, man, this is probably the second or third, fourth time she's run for president. There's nothing the Democrats can do but run their own campaign at this point. So as of this week, almost 18 million people have cast their ballots early. When you break it down by party, Republicans made up 39 percent of in-person and almost 34 percent of mail in ballots. Compared to past elections, you know, this is definitely a noticeable increase. And we're seeing Republican messaging on this certainly change. Look, who does this benefit at the end of the day? Because I've heard that Democrats still could potentially have an edge. Yeah, look, I think on one hand, people are surprised that Republicans are voting early because this is a trend shift from 2020. But as you and I have talked about in the past, the Republican Party and Donald Trump specifically has been pushing their voters to come out early. And so I'm not surprised to see elevated levels of GOP participation in comparison to 2020. What I'm looking for, are they getting brand new voters out to vote? And we're seeing a little bit of that in places like Georgia, places like Nevada. But we're not seeing yet. It could be we still have, you know, 10, 15 days to go in a lot of these states. We're not seeing yet a huge surge here. But I do think the gap between Republicans and Democrats in terms of early vote, will be significantly smaller this cycle than what we saw in 2020. So I want to move our direction to Harris's campaign schedule this week. She's making a stop in Houston this week, calling Texas Ground Zero for Trump's abortion bans. She's also going to be campaigning with Beyonce herself, a Houston native. But look, why is Harris heading to Texas right now, in addition to the other battleground states? I mean, Texas is a pretty red leaning state. Yeah, it's it's interesting to me, you know, Colin Allred in our forecast is an underdog there. Ted Cruz's favor to win. And Ted Cruz has had some some decent polling that's improved his odds over the last couple of weeks as well. I think, you know, look, she's got that Beyonce concert. Beyonce is from Houston. It's good fundraising. There is a Senate nexus there. She's going to get national press attention no matter what city she's in. So I think this is probably more for a national play, especially considering she's going to get a singer like Beyonce. But it is a little bit quixotic down the end. Yeah. And I want to stick with Texas for a moment, because, you know, at the same time at the Senate level, a new Emerson College, the Hill Pool, shows Senator Ted Cruz and Congressman Colin Allred basically in a virtual debt. He Allred and Harris have focused heavily on abortion. Do you think this issue is enough to make inroads for Democrats in the state or potentially even flip it? Yeah, look, I you know, those polls are good. This is why I like averages. I think he's he just flashed up the average Ted Cruz's three points ahead. Last time he ran, he only won by two point six. So he's out his polling is outperforming his last performance. I will say this. If the Democrats flip Texas, which I don't think is likely, it will be because of issues like that, you know, issues that voters think they're strong on. And so at least they are putting their best issue on the table in a state that they're trying to flip. But I don't know that it's going to it's going to work out this time. Demographically, Texas, 10, 15 years from now, going to be a battleground state. But I think it's still got a ways to go. Well, we'll be watching election night to see what happens there. Scott Tranter is always thank you for joining us. Thanks for having me. And that's it for What's America Thinking? I'm Julia Manchester. Come back next week and be sure to like, share and subscribe to The Hills. YouTube channel.