 We are just 10 days away now from the election and more than 38 million Americans have already voted. That's according to the University of Florida's election lab. That number will go up today as early in-person voting begins in the key battleground state of Michigan. Both Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump are holding events there to get out the vote. White House correspondent Mary Alice Parks joins us now from Washington with the latest. Mary Alice, thank you so much for your reporting all day long. How critical is winning the state of Michigan to both of these candidates and their quest for 270 electoral votes? I mean, Gio, this is critical for Vice President Harris. We talk about that famous blue wall, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, for so long. I mean, decades Democrats were able to rely on those states. Of course, in 2016, former President Trump, when he first won the White House, he cracked open that blue wall. He was able to flip some of those states red. Biden flipped them back blue. The map gets so much harder, if not nearly impossible, for Harris if she loses Michigan. And that's because the polling in places like Nevada, Arizona, Georgia, North Carolina, sort of those seven belt states we talk about, the southern part of the map, they look much harder for her. So she needs to hold on to that blue wall in particular. That's why, of course, she is spending so much time there. A big day for her appearing for the first time alongside former First Lady Michelle Obama. Of course, Michelle Obama spoke at the Democratic National Convention, but this is the first time this campaign cycle that they are together with one big event. You can imagine it'll be quite the crowd there, Gio. And Mary Alice, Trump taped an appearance, of course, on Joe Rogan's podcast, which we know is wildly popular, in particular with younger men. And I checked this morning, and it was number one in this country on both Apple and Spotify. Rogan has nearly 16 million followers on Spotify alone. That episode now posted over three hours long. What's he saying? How significant is it for Trump to speak to that audience in particular? Yeah, I mean, you are right. You cannot underestimate the reach of that podcast. That is more followers than the people in the entire state of Pennsylvania. Joe Rogan absolutely has an unbelievable reach. Look, I'm not sure that this is Trump necessarily going hugely outside of his base. We know that Rogan, like you said, is largely sort of a male, younger male audience. Trump has been doing so well with men in this race, up nearly 10 points over Harris in some polls. Now, of course, she's up with women by 10 points, but that gender gap is so apparent here. And I think that, you know, I would say that part of this strategy, though, is to try to reach new male voters and new young voters. I mean, both candidates right now are not only trying to persuade people to vote for them, but people that have maybe never voted in the past to sort of get off the couch, to register, to become mobilized and energized. It was a very interesting, very long interview with Joe Rogan, meandering at times, nearly three hours, talked about everything from life on Mars to mixed martial arts fighters, but also Trump repeating and getting pushed by Rogan on some of his election conspiracies and false claims about election security, Gio. And now, obviously, Harris has been focusing on Trump as a, quote, threat to democracy. And that's a big part of her closing argument. Is this a successful strategy? We'll see. I mean, of course, her team thinks so. They're betting on it. A lot of folks here in D.C. wondering if it's a little bit too much like 2016, a little too much like Hillary Clinton, too focused on Trump, not focused enough on what she wants to do, sort of a positive vision for the future. I think that's going to be tricky for her in this final stretch. These last 10 days, she needs to both talk about former President Trump, but also talk about herself and what she wants to get done. So there's going to be a lot of Democrats that are anxious about this closing message. But on the other hand, she's making a direct appeal to independents, to sort of soft Republicans who aren't excited to vote for Trump. And those are some voters that are often people that vote often who are reliable voters. And I think that's a big part of why Harris is focusing her message here, let alone the fact that I think she really does believe that Trump is a threat to democracy, that she wants to make this a part of her closing argument, Gio. Well, Mary Alice, I hope you got your sleep because I don't think you're going to get a whole lot of it over the next 10 days. Thank you, my friend. We so appreciate having you and your insight here.