 Well, you know Michigan is so critical in the 2024 presidential election and you know that we are a classic purple state. Our new local for Detroit News poll bears that out in our poll just released today, Donald Trump leading Kamala Harris in Michigan by one point, which is of course inside the margin of error. It's showing us a very tense couple of months ahead. Here's the breakdown as we see it today. If the election for president were held today, who would you vote for to be president? Donald Trump 44.7% of the vote. Kamala Harris 43.5% of the undecideds at 5% of the vote. Robert Kennedy of course his name is still going to as you know appear on the ballot even though he is not running. Almost 5% of the vote. Jill Stein with 1.3% sorry that should be 1.3 not 2.3. But interestingly let's look at the motivation to vote. This is among those who say they will probably vote. Now that was just 9% of those who we polled. Only 9% said they're probably going to vote. Among them the Republicans have a pretty large lead, but among those who say they are definitely going to vote and that's 91% of the voters we talked to. Democrats lead among that group 44% to 42% and that is critical given the tight margins. We cannot stress enough. This race is a toss-up. Every single vote going somewhere, shifting or changing has mammoth implications in this race. I compared it to a Jenga game where if you pull one piece out all the other pieces could collapse on you. That's what we're looking at. That's how close this race is and that's why we bring out this importance of the definite voter versus the probable voter. So what are the issues that will likely decide the votes of Michiganders? Here are the key issues according to Michigan voters in our poll. The economy, of course, number one. Abortion and women's rights, number two, followed closely by inflation and the cost of living, which of course relates back to the number one issue. Our rollout of our new exclusive poll results will continue tonight at 11. We'll have a look at where things stand in the race for that U.S. Senate seat in Michigan.