 But because new polls are out and it doesn't look good for Kamala Harris, I have not been this worried in a long time. So we don't have a lot of time left. We have less than a month left and she's now losing in almost all the swing States. So I'm going to go break down all the numbers for you guys. They don't look great. I'm going to give you what people in DC are saying, Democratic party are saying Republican pollsters, everyone across the board, how are the markets doing? Etc. First, look, I'm telling you this not again to ha ha or whatever. I'm telling you because the pundits are almost always wrong. They never come back and tell you, Oh yeah, we got it wrong. Etc. They don't tell you oftentimes ahead of time, they do Monday morning quarterback. They've, you know, all those different things that they do wrong. The reason I tell you guys stuff ahead of time is so you can see whether I'm right or not. So you can see whether you can, you should trust our analysis of what is reality, not what we want, but what is reality. So that's why in that context, let me tell you four days ago, this weekend on October 5th, I wrote, I think Trump is going to retake the lead. Kamala started playing pre-event defense with too small lead by having her circuits tell everyone how pro business she is. She accidentally gave up the mantle of the change candidate. That's what's going to decide this election. Now she did other things wrong too. And I'll get into that in a second. And, but I started getting the same sense over the weekend that I got the weekend before the 2016 election. You go back and you read my tweets from that weekend, from, uh, you know, November, early November of 2016. And I started saying, Oh boy, a lot of signs are looking bad. I know Hillary Clinton has a big lead, uh, but I'm super worried every Spidey sense I have every poll, every anecdote, not poll, the polls were mixed. Okay. And Hillary Clinton was leading in the polls overall, but the underlying numbers were scaring me. So all of those, those things were leading me to go watch out warning. You remember what I said on election night in 2016 over and over again, uh, brace for impact. Right. And so I hate to say that to you right now. Uh, and there's still plenty of time to turn it around, not plenty of time, but sometime. And I think she can turn it around because it's not like it's over. It's not like it's a blowout. No, she's got a small disadvantage in the swing States, but it is definitely a disadvantage. So let me start breaking it down for you guys. First, I'll start with, uh, the, you know, the smallest piece of evidence and I'll work up to numbers and the, and the biggest piece of evidence. So Mark Halperin is a guy who was a establishment insider for a long time, was all over MSNBC and morning Joe for a long time. He had a personal issues, et cetera. You take this with a grain of salt, especially cause he's talking about pro private polls. But, uh, he says that in all the private polls that he is seeing, uh, she's now losing almost everywhere. Uh, so, uh, let me give you one of his quotes. He says the conversation I'm having with Trump people and Democrats with data are extremely bullish on Trump's chances in the last 48 hours. Uh, extremely bullish. We think of the seven battleground States, which one is Harrison danger of losing? I would say Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, Arizona, North Carolina and Georgia. Well, that's almost all of them. And he finishes by saying, I'm not saying she'll lose all six, but she is in danger. I want you to take note of the fact that it's in the last 48 hours that this has happened. Now, that's why I told you about me saying it over the weekend because guys, there are certain things you do that make a difference and especially in an election this tight, running towards populism and trying to serve the average American works, running towards big business and Dick Cheney does not work. It's a bad strategy. Hiding from the press does not work. Saying that you're the same as Biden does not work. Saying Trump's a bad guy, brother. I mean, we've been doing this for over 10 years. Nobody says Trump's a bad guy more than I do. We got a whole Trump brackets.com about all the terrible things that he did. You, you're not going to outdo me on how terrible you think Trump is, but that's not the point right now. The point is how do you win this election and it's not rocket science. You offer the average American things that they need and things that they want. You should be their representative. You should be their fighter. You should be out there fighting for them. Then right now they're not seeing it. So when I saw that they weren't doing the fundamentals, right? I said, Oh, now she's going to lose the lead and she has. So I wish to God I wasn't right. Sometimes I feel like a Bruno, you know, and, and you know how, if you never saw that, you know, Disney movie, I think it was a Disney movie. Anyway, uh, it's a animated movie. It's a beautiful, it's a, Madre call and in, in Kanto is the name of the movie. Anyways, all the kids know we don't talk about Bruno. No, no, no. And, and it's a guy who whose magic power is to be able to tell the future, but people hate him for it because he winds up being right. And then they think, Oh, did he cause it? And I feel like I'm in that movie and they established me keep saying we caused it. When we tell them ahead of time, watch out iceberg straight ahead. Obviously we said that in a giant way about Joe Biden and then, and they didn't listen for a long, long time. Now they realize it, but by the way, later they'll pretend that Biden was the right candidate. Anyways, but the point is that I, I, I wish I was wrong about it, but you could see these trends. We're not wrong. There's a reason why Bernie had a 12 point lead on Donald Trump on election day in 2016. It's not because we're biased towards our side. It's because economic populism works. Hey, I'll tell you when I don't think, uh, these days, uh, progressive social issues are winning strategy. So it's, we're super honest about it. I don't know what more we can do to convince him, but let me give you more information. So now this is a CNN reporter, uh, Priscilla Alvarez talking to Dana bash on air. Uh, and she says, what's also creeping in now is that anxiety. The reason for that is because these polls are not really moving despite multiple battleground blitzes, despite the opportunities she has had across media outlets, and let me pause there to clarify the polls are moving a little bit towards Trump and a little bit takes it from a small lead she had to a small lead. He has, and that makes a giant difference. They're saying it's not moving in a positive direction for common iris. That's why the Democrats are the ones that have the anxiety as she's explaining here. She says, quote, there's still not a lot of movement from voters who are moving more towards her versus former president Donald Trump. In fact, I had one source describe it to me this way. Quote, people are nervous. They know the polls are tight. A lot of us are having these flashbacks to 2016 too. We know when it can go the wrong way and it can still feel fresh. So now a lot of people are talking about 2016 and it's not just guys like me who are warning, watch out. Okay. It's even the establishment types are beginning to see those polls and they're getting super nervous. So I'm going to give you those in one second here, but one more piece of data and that is about the markets. So you can say, Hey, you know, the markets isn't polling and I don't believe the markets. You can say anything you like. Okay. And but the reality is people are putting their money behind this. So it's not like just knuckleheads going, Oh, what's the big deal? No, they're putting their money where their mouth is and it's not end all be all, but it is a factor. And by the way, you know, what Polly market was super right about that's the market that I use. That's one of our sponsors, but I look at it all the time because it's been right on a lot of things. And the one thing that it was most right about was Tim walls. And I didn't think that she was had any chance of picking them. And when I see something pretty, something better than I do, I go, whoa, yeah, that might be a little bit of my arrogance to say the least, but I'm just being honest with you guys. And so, and Marcus can often tell you where the crowd is going and they might know something you don't know, or they have a sense of it. Remember everybody's in their bubble and this gives you the whole national bubble. So anyway, I'm on, on Polly market.com. Now Kamala Harris had taken a small lead and I was like 51 49 or I was like, I don't think so. I think Kamala had a bigger lead back then when I was talking about it two weeks ago. And even a week ago, I thought, uh, you know, it right around now, Wednesday issue of last week, I thought she's got a lead and I thought there was some chance she could expand it, but then she's done everything wrong since then. And now it's 53 46. That's not that close for Trump, obviously. So that's a seven point lead for Trump. So now the markets are feeling like, Oh, he's taken the lead. So now let's get to the numbers. Um, this is Michigan, Michigan where two weeks ago and even a week ago she had a lead and, and two weeks ago start almost started to feel comfortable. Like look at this, um, nine 25. So that's right around two weeks ago. She was up by three points in two different polls, uh, in Bloomberg and Cook political report, very credible polls in Michigan. And that's when I started to go, Oh, okay. It looks like she took the lead. Here we go. And maybe she could add to it. Maybe it'll fluctuate back before that. I don't know what's going to happen in that regard, but then boom, now, uh, last set of polls coming in Trafalgar Trump plus two, miRS mi news source, Trump plus one, Quinnipiac very credible, very legitimate plus four for Trump. That's Michigan. She's got to win Michigan. And so now she's losing Michigan. I'm super worried, but Pennsylvania is the most important state. How's it going there? Well, she was plus five in Bloomberg two weeks ago and in there all over the place. There's ties here. Then there was plus three for Trump about, you know, a little bit later than that, about five days after that Quinnipiac came in with a plus two for Harris recently, but inside her advantage, the last poll out of Pennsylvania plus two Trump. So the last poll is not the only poll, but now in the average of polls, he's taken a plus 0.2 lead in Pennsylvania. She can't lose Pennsylvania. She can't, it's over. She loses Pennsylvania. This is like, we're worried about it's going to drag out or is there going to be violence? Is there going to be dying elections? Democrats will whine and complain that they'll blame everyone under the sun, but they're not going to cheat and pretend they won the election. Right. They've never done that. They're not going to do that. The Republicans who think Hillary Clinton whining about the 2016 election is not the same thing as setting up fake electors and considering martial law and saying we should terminate the constant. They're not going to do any of that. That's not what they do. They're the establishment. They don't want things to change. Okay. So my point is if Trump loses, it's going to get dragged out for a long time because he hates losing and he doesn't like to admit it, et cetera. But if Kamala Harris loses Pennsylvania right in the beginning of the night, it's over before it began and, and the Democrats aren't going to do the same whining, crying, cheating, stealing, all that stuff. They'll concede right away. So, oh boy, losing Pennsylvania is a disaster is the combination of both is just plus two. Now that's what I'm saying. Like don't be like despondent. Oh my God, I'm moving out of the country. Whatever people say. I always think that's crazy. But so she can, she still has nearly a month. She can still turn around, but they have to turn around. You can't keep making the same mistakes. Tim Wall should be doing a billion interviews. He should be on a populist on steroids right now. So, all right, look, Georgia is really bad. I don't think she has really any chance of winning Georgia. North Carolina's kind of out out the window these days. You know, Trump's, well, it's not out the window. It's average of polls is just plus 0.6. It's closer than Georgia, which is 1.5. These are all pro Trump, but guys, the, the recent polls, the average of polls takes both recent and non recent polls. The recent polls are all almost all trending in Trump's direction. Last one I'll give you is, I don't know if you think Arizona's already lost, but it, it looks like it might be. She took a brief lead there, but now last three polls, plus three Trump, plus one Trump, plus two Trump, overall plus 1.4 Trump. So as you look at this list, man, she has a little bit over a one point lead in Nevada. She has a half a point lead in a combination of the polls in Wisconsin, but then you look at them and the most recent ones Trafalgar plus one Trump Quinnipiac plus two Trump. And that's the most recent one. This is trending in a very, very bad direction guys. And the most important thing is for them to realize it. If they don't realize it, then they won't be able to turn around. They won't know that they have to turn around and then they'll just slide in right into that iceberg. So, um, look, as a person who does not want Donald Trump to win this election, who's very worried about it, I'm going to do everything I can. Uh, so stay tuned to the young Turks tomorrow. We're live at six o'clock Eastern. I'm ready for all emergency maneuvers. Uh, I'm trying to rally people behind the scenes in front of the scenes, et cetera. Cause I never want to, I'm not the guy who gives up. I'm the guy who fights to the very last second. And that's why I'm doing this. I'm trying to give people a heads up to fight to the last second. I, and thank you, Kathy, uh, uh, MacIntyre for, uh, being a, uh, a member and, and especially at the higher levels where it allows us to keep our prices down. You can hit the join button below to become a member, get the most honest reporting there is on the elections and on all the news and try to fight for positive change in the world. Um, box, thank you for the super chat. I love our members. Uh, Zain, the magic, Puffer Dragon. Uh, thank you for being a member for so long. Appreciate you guys. Okay. So, uh, look guys, last couple of things as we're, uh, you know, do if you don't want Trump to win, do everything you can to, to make that happen, go canvas, do phone making like today we did phone banking. We did. Uh, when I say we, TYT has operation hope we do a town hall every Wednesday. You can go to tyt.com slash hope, click on that. And, uh, and it'll give you a place to register for the next, uh, town hall. And in this town hall, we did phone banking for prop five in Massachusetts. Why are we doing phone banking for ballot measures? Cause ballot measures are direct democracy. So, uh, prop five in Massachusetts increases, uh, minimum wage for tip workers right now, 6,075 cents brings it up to $15. Love it. Prop 32 in California is right at 50 50. It's driving me crazy that it's 50 50. That's for all workers and brings it up to $18, which is barely keeping up with inflation, uh, in, in California. So California is a very, very expensive state. I don't know how anybody's going to live on $18 an hour. Uh, but that's what we got to get it up to. If you vote, yes, on that ballot measure, we're going to do phone banking for prop 32 as well. There's prop one in Maine. These are all yeses. Okay. And that's to get money out of politics and we got to get money out of politics. We did phone banking for that earlier and the group organizing and said, uh, we have more people reached than any other group that did phone banking for that. So we try to make a difference in the world. So if you're, look, if all you want is the news, great. We give you the news most honest place you can get it. No question. And we do real context and analysis. As you can see live weekdays, six o'clock Eastern, make sure you're tuning in and everybody you know is tuning in to get the real news. Um, but on top of that, for the people who want to make a little bit of a positive difference in the world, we started just Democrats. We started so many things on this show that's made a difference. Uh, we got Bernie to introduce a minimum wage, um, uh, in the, in the first relief bill that under Biden, et cetera. And now we're fighting for, um, all of the, uh, folks who are, who want higher wages. That's for all Americans, Republicans, Democrats, it doesn't matter. Higher wages for the average American, Republicans, Democrats, it doesn't matter. They all want money out of politics. That main measure is doing really well because of that. Um, box. Thank you for gifting five young Turks memberships. Really appreciate you. Kacinema. Um, uh, thank you for the super chat. I know it's hard to convince Trump people, but remember right now you're not trying to convince Maga. If you want, uh, Kamala Harris to win or you want Donald Trump to lose, you're trying to convince, uh, undecided and independent voters. So, but the number one person who has to do that is Kamala Harris. So for God's sake, she's got to turn around and start talking about what she's going to do for you. Stop talking about business interests. Stop talking about Dick Cheney. Stop talking about how you're like Joe Biden and oh, I'm not Donald Trump, but Donald Trump's a bad guy. These are, you're maxed out on those. And as the CNN reporter explained, they've spent all, they've raised over a billion dollars. Now they're starting to not talk about it anymore because it's getting embarrassing how much they raised. But the thing is they're using it in all their ads and it's not working. So if that strategy and that messaging isn't working, you have to move to new messaging. What worked for you? And you don't have to take my word for it. You know, what worked for you. You search when you pick the populist progressive Tim walls, when you did the populist progressive economic proposals on housing and on food prices and consumer good prices, go back to what worked for you, which was just a month or two ago. So it again, doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure it out, but sometimes you have to be outside of the bubble to realize it and notice it. So that's the latest. Obviously we'll have way more for you guys tomorrow at six o'clock Eastern. As we always do this goes to, um, thank you for the super chat. And thank you for saying that we deliver the truth. We appreciate all you guys are members of the, like, I think they're the greatest people, like such great contributions during the live show. I love reading your comments. I love doing the live polls when we're on there. Uh, and, and you guys, without you, we don't even exist. So, and I love that you guys back us and that allows us to do this kind of honest reporting. You're amazing. And thank you for the super chat with the hilarious, uh, handle of eat my shorts and we have fun too, even in, in, in bad times. All right. Uh, so that's the latest on the campaign. It is definitely concerning news, but there is plenty of time to turn around as long as they get the message. All right. We'll see you tomorrow.