 coverage continues on the upcoming presidential election as we are just four days away. Both sides are really starting this final weekend of campaigning and they're doing it right here in michigan. CBS News correspondent Jared Hill joining us live in Warren this morning where former President Trump is holding a rally there later today. Jared, good morning. Good morning, christened Sandra. Yeah, former President Trump is going to be here in Warren later today. Vice President Harris will be in michigan over the weekend, a state that is proving to be incredibly crucial for both of these campaigns as they try and win the White House come next week. All of this is happening as there's increasing rhetoric on the campaign trail. Take a look in western battlegrounds thursday, both candidates zeroed in on women voters in phoenix. Vice President Kamala Harris seized on comments made by former President Donald Trump when he said he's going to protect women from migrants, whether they like it or not. He does not believe women should have the agency and authority to make decisions about their own bodies. He called you garbage. Trump tried to keep the focus on President Biden's comments. The only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters. His his demonization was seen as an unconscionable. The White House says that was directed to a supporters joke about Puerto Rico. But the Associated Press is reporting the White House changed the official transcript of the president's remarks. Today, the focus turns to the Midwest in states like here in michigan, where arab and muslim americans make up a sizable voting block that traditionally votes democrat. They could potentially pull away from both parties. They feel like they cannot vote for Harris nor can they vote for trump because there is no lesser than two evils. The executive director of the michigan chapter of the council on american Islamic relations, known as care, says members of his community feel caught between a rock and a hard place, not happy about trump's rhetoric on muslims and not satisfied with the biden harris administration's handling of the israel-hamas war. The war in Gaza isn't just a far away issue for a lot of folks in your community. This is really hitting home for them. Yes, so the issue in Gaza is not a foreign policy issue to people here. We have a large amount of people in our community who are Palestinian americans, he says many have lost family members in Gaza shaping how they view this election and he was telling me that he's not expecting for there to be the same type of volume of sort of third party vote come november like we saw with 100,000 or so uncommitted votes that happened during the democratic presidential primary. But he does expect there to be a sizable amount of folks within the arab and muslim community here who signal to both their parties that they're not happy with what's happening back to you. All right, Jared, I know you've been in our area here for about 48 hours now. Any takeaways about michigan voters based on your brief time here? Yeah, very quick. But I mean, one of the things that we do here is talk to any and every person that we come across. Just get a feel for how people are feeling. And I think one of the big things is that folks say that they uh really take seriously the fact that michigan is such a battleground state and they know that it's on them to come out and vote and to make sure that they know what they're voting about. Because again, this is one of those states that could dictate who is in the white house after next week. That's you. CBS News Jared Hill live in Warren Forest this morning. We appreciate it. Thank you so much, Jared.