 Every since the Republicans started they have been backers of black people They were started based on the fact that they wanted to end the institution of slavery people forgot that we have they have all and not Here it is we fast forward 150 years later They don't even want party backing us right now for rights and our black people were saying Republicans is against us man. We don't came Man do I love talking to informed people like Ramon Jackson Damn That was in Detroit. We were on the steps of the 180 Church just blocks from downtown a decent side of town I've heard a lot of the same things that Ramon said from people here who were pissed off about the way things are going On in their city. They're mad and they're changing the way they vote now Maybe for good It was the beginning of the second week of the election coverage up here We left Pennsylvania and came to Michigan for a few days Came up here to see what all the buzz was about Okay, everybody. We're in just some typical neighborhood in Michigan in a suburb and as you can see it's a lovely fall day getting close to the end of the election time and we're here because Michigan's a very important state as you probably know. It's a swing state. It's part of the big blue wall We've heard signs that the blue wall is cracking There might be more people voting conservative here in Michigan this time of year So we came up here to talk to some people and find out if that's true we're gonna drive around here for a couple days and find out what's going on up here in Michigan as Election 2024 coverage continues right now Stay tuned There's a they're praying a prayer song This is Hamtramck Michigan It's a Detroit suburb the only Muslim majority city in the US You may not know it but Michigan has the largest concentration of Arab Americans in the country. They're a very important demographic here They used to vote Democrat in large numbers Not anymore. They aren't It's not just the Arab community that's turning its back on the Democrats I heard there's a lot of different communities in Michigan that are back in Trump now So we came up here with less than two weeks to go in the election and we drove around Detroit We talked to a bunch of people Detroit is as important to Michigan as Philadelphia is to Pennsylvania as Detroit goes so goes Michigan doesn't even matter that the rest of the state votes red Michigan's right in the middle of the blue wall and Detroit starting to crack The situation right now is we're on the wrong track as a nation and as a country and the Arab American community and the Muslim community we're Americans we've been here sub saw us have been here for more than 40 years and we're seeing steadily our Quality of life is declining at a rapid rate and at the same time this Harris administration They're funding all of these wars overseas whether it be in Israel whether being Ukraine to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars And yet our own people here back home in North Carolina. We barely have enough money To help them with the hurricane. How does that make sense? How does that make sense to the average American that is working and trying to earn a living for their family? So for us like economically it makes absolutely no sense why we would continue the same path for these four years It's big news that Trump has united the Muslims and the Jews the Arabs are behind him big time It has to do with the war and the fact that she doesn't know what the hell she's doing and hasn't accomplished anything And the Democrat family values are just crazy The ultra woke Democrat ideology. It's just too much for these people just like they are for most of us What do you not like about Trump the most I really don't think that Trump is going to protect people who are Part of the LGBT community, especially those who are trans That's not what I heard The gay community they're also leaving the Democrat Party in huge numbers. They're pissed at the far-left agenda, too Stephen how's the LGBT community voting this cycle? Well, it's funny us because traditionally the LGBT community has been a solid block for the Democrats, right? And there was probably a good reason for that back in like the 70s 80s When a little bit more of the religious right was preventing, you know different Avenues of advancement for LGBT folks, but that fight has largely been over for a long time And so the ultra woke ideology that's being pushed by these groups and this rainbow mafia the DEI industrial complex That's actually caused support across the board among all groups support for LGBT people to go down and so it's actually kind of causing a broader decline in support for LGBT people, okay the cycle so anyway, so anyway, President Trump is the most pro LGBT president in our nation's history and people don't think that He's a New York businessman who has had friends of all different stripes The issues that matter to LGBT voters are actually quite similar to the issues that matter to other voters Including the border prices. It's impossible to find an affordable place to live anywhere Now today's economic environment. It's pretty stressful for a lot of us But now that the Fed has finally lowered interest rates There's no better time than now to put your family in a better financial position Well, if you're a homeowner the good folks at American financing are saving Thousands of families just like yours who have maybe been putting off everyday expenses and putting on a budget They're helping them get out from under that debt by tapping into their home equity American financing is saving their borrowers about $800 a month on average $800 a month. That's like a $10,000 a year raise, right? And it costs absolutely nothing to find out how much you can save They're closing some deals and as little as 10 days And if you start today, you may not have to make next month's money You may not have to make next month's mortgage payment There's no better time than now to turn your situation around call today 888-998-8020 That's 888-998-8020 americanfinancing.net slash nick So this is kind of a rough part of Detroit It's not the worst part of Detroit, but it's pretty bad as you can see A lot of people here are poor and they're black For the black folks, they're also turning their backs on the Democrats here You've probably heard about it on the news I think almost half of black men are voting for Donald Trump now Can't blame the people here for voting for him A third of Detroit lives in poverty and this is still the second worst city for crime I think a lot of black folks here have realized the Democrats have abandoned us here And what do we have to lose, right? Have you seen a lot more, um, black folks vote for Trump this year? Absolutely Why is that? Because black folks is knowing that understanding now that Trump policies and what Trump is gearing to do help us way more than hurting us Blacks understanding that immigration don't help us Immigration hurt us Blacks understanding that Trump is the only candidate talking about election for a period You can't get Kamala to... She won't even say, eh You know what I'm saying? She won't even say that You can't get her to say nothing Everything about election for her to her is that it's not happening It don't exist So he the candidate coming forward saying something that we all suspect and know first Plus his policies with immigration with the tariffs all lined up They have blacks don't even know that Trump tears help us when he tear it when he hit The corporations with tear it helps us out here. They don't know blacks don't understand it Black people migrated to Detroit and to Cleveland and to Indiana for factory work You know that from the south Factories has always been unemployment for us So especially the automotive factory This is how most of us got down here to Detroit coming for the automotive job When Trump renegotiated NAFTA in 2016 May that made it with production went from 63% to 75% That's 13% increase in production over here For people that's 13% employment over here There's millions of jobs for people over here So when people talk about what policies we know directly what policies that we support And we ain't no political clowns that we just jumping out supporting the can I have never openly supported? Trump is the first open candidate that I ever openly supported people run for council here mayor here They can't get my support period He the first one of the first open candidates that I will ever support I don't just support political candidates My vote means something my voice means something Most of us myself included 80% of black men grow up in a household that's headed by a single female We grow up with the idea of a certain type of leadership And then when we come out of the house and we go to work We find out that the leadership that we learned from our single mama Doesn't work in the general public It just does not So we're frustrated and we don't really know what to do with our frustration people You know, we're doing one of these we don't know who to blame and and there's a lot of confusion Like I said, I'm 63 So I've gone through that stage and I figured it out and I think that when we see president trump out there We see a strong man See now when you grow up in a single mother house, so There's no real focus on what though what that energy is or what that energy officially looks like You don't really know but but when most of us see it we we go. Hey that's That's something special. That's something I need more of that's something I need to learn more about that independence Trump was the only one in 2016 that I could see who even had the freedom To do the right thing the rest of my own body donor classes. We you know, we we understand I understand now that Most of the politicians whoever gives them the most money tells them what to do What were you telling me about don't try I feel like donald trump He ain't all the he said because we're project 25 or whatever But he's cool little president. He care about detroit care about blacks. I know some feeling But kamala harris, she like locked like he said locked up a lot of people from them and uh california that was black Damn, I thought she was black, but she not she like indian or something like that and it's like That was kind of that was kind of shocking and then I heard that she was using fake accents or something like that I knew it was like you see me but donald trump. He got his ways. Like I said, but he's a good person at my eyes at least We drove around detroit for two days just kind of crisscross through Kind of poor beat up and middle class neighborhoods Trying to get a bunch of different people to talk to us And the people that said they were voting for kamala. They didn't seem very motivated about it Uh to be honest with you I mean america always had his ups and downs, but i'm gonna definitely say within the past um, Three years because I have five kids I never used to really struggle that much with my five kids But within these last five three years with rent going up the total just cost of everything going up It's kind of like now hard, you know now we kind of live in check to check which ain't really, you know Good at all, you know, pretty sure no one in america want to go through that cost of living have went up the cost of gas food Everything rit is crazy rit used to be for us. We'll have a three-bedroom was like 700 800 now you're talking about 12 to 1500 for a two or three bedroom and remind you we're in detroit So not all these houses are updated So imagine people out here spending over a thousand dollars a cardinal for a house that's breaking down on top of them You better live in your card in your house. Yeah, man. So are you voting this year? Yeah, my plan is to vote I'm not gonna lie. I really don't vote. I never voted for real to be honest with y'all And i'm i'm not gonna say man, but i'm growing as ever but I never voted but I do feel this year I need to like I do feel this time my voice need to be heard Who you vote for to be honest with you? I'm gonna go with camela I don't want to even though I know I see the I actually watched the debate between both I'm not gonna lie both party sucks. I'm just gonna be real like if you're struggling, why would you vote for her? That's what i'm wondering. Well with her. Well, I do know, you know What her affecting them know the people with the um at christler, you know them trying to push the electric cars come in here I do see, you know the impact but I just look at well, I know trump is a businessman. That's one thing I like about He's a businessman. He's about getting into the money But at the same time not everything is about money, you know I really do which I do get, you know money make this world go around me We all need money to make a living but you got to also understand that not only it's a money game But it's also a people game too. Like we are actually human beings too at the end of the day Not everybody can wake up And get five thousand dollars to go do whatever they want We don't have to still get up and work our butts off, man That's the part that I don't like that. He don't see like it's people really below him and he have to understand. I mean, yeah We all you know got the same 24 hours. We all believe we all can, you know, hit the goal like him But it takes time for certain people and not everybody be having the tools to get to where he is So that's my only thing I don't like it. Well, that's the only reason I ain't vote for him He's just not a people person in my eyes. Okay, that's in person. That's like important to me He's done a lot for the black community. He has I mean, I know he have you know, but i'm not Everybody else like I wasn't happy when he gave out the the free checks. I didn't get those I am a truck driver I get up and make actual I really get up and make money I don't get government incentives or none of that me and my wife gets up and take care of our family So I get why you know the black people are oh he he gave us money looked out Yeah, but it's not just about that again. It's a people thing. He knew money to get people attention It's not always about money which I get money makes the world go around But you can't have that really be like the top five things in your life money is not the top five things in my life Because I know how to make it. Yeah, that's cool. Yeah, I get you. I get you. What's up, man. Nick. Jerome Jerome june june. What's up june? Talk to me, man. How do you feel about the way the country's going? horrible I mean we can do better but right now it's a lot of Controversy a lot of things going on that we don't know about so I guess when we see this next president, we'll see how things work out. Who are you voting for? Neither one really neither one you're just not gonna vote. No, i'm gonna vote for her. Are you? Why are you gonna vote for her if things are going terrible? Because it might be a change from a lady perspective you think so. Yeah, okay Yeah, all right So how do you think things are going right now for you personally? Good bad average I say average And you think he would make your life worse? I don't think he'd make it worse, but I don't think he would help and you think she would make your life better I'll be honest I don't know Because like I said, we never had a woman president before so being if being that be the first time I think it would be something different But I mean her views and her outlook on The United States is something different for us right now But I heard a lot of black men is not voting so that's going to take away from Kamala Harris Because if a lot of black men is not voting for her then she might not win Why are black men not voting for her? I don't know That's what everybody's talking about. I've heard that too. Yeah, so it's just I guess they think because Uh, it could be because they always had a man president and Everybody always said it would never be a woman president. So now here we are 2024 and the woman is running so The outcome it might be a lot different than people think So that's what that's my opinion All right All right Okay here take this right phone. I like you. Okay. All right, sir. How do you feel? Who you voting for? That's my question Well, the ladies come first the ladies you're voting for her. Yes. I am. Okay. What? What? I'm why are you voting for her? It's a change It's the future. Okay, I believe in the future. Okay, I believe in change. All right I'm old now, but I still believe in that. All right. Well, thank you for your service. I appreciate that. Thank you All right, sir. Thank you All right. Take care of man Oh my god, I found one Are they home? Maybe they'll talk I was wondering if I could interview you for just a minute about Oh, you're wanted This is sunny ready He told me that a lot of the indian community is over the democrat agenda. We're sick of it Everybody hates them now and that's huge too because 20 of the detroit suburb of troy is indian american So you're an indian american Kamala harris is an indian american you're not supporting her Indian americans are not majority of them are not considering she's from the community, but she don't consider anyway. She she Depending on the what day you're asking she might say if you if it's a monday She might say i'm a black if it's a tuesday. She might say i'm an indian american tomorrow and she might say i'm a jew So I don't think people believe in her. So No, there's no support. Um, especially this election cycle people are fed up um people don't realize Indian americans are the more one of the community most affected by the illegal immigration open borders because They're pushing the legal immigration back to accommodate the illegal immigrants So an indian american if it applies for a green card today It takes 50 years five zero whereas people Um other day I was uh talking to the group of people they said, you know what? It's better to maybe I should go to mexico and cross the border. I get everything free Yeah, I get everything free. I get the green card in four years not four years actually Some of this were promised that you can start voting in next election And that's what people are fed up. I said, you know, what am I getting i'm following every rule I'm a legal citizen. I'm a law abiding citizen. I'm following every rule. I'm paying the taxes But I what do I get it nothing and they treated me like a piece of shit And 50 years waiting they don't see some of some of these people folks don't even see that in their lifetime getting the green card This is so ridiculous. So people are Concern about it the open borders. I know they know that you know what? No matter what kamala says Everybody knows that she was in charge for last three and a half years. What did she do? Nothing and she wants to start helping the day one. You know what her day one was three and a half years ago Not now it just went on and on and on so it's actually disgusting to see People calling him racist or homophobic. It's like he's the exact opposite of that Genuinely, so how does he get that reputation as being homophobic then? I think that it is because of the like ultra woke dei rainbow mafia that that wants to push incredibly Dangerous things on our nation's youth and they say if you don't go along with say Gender surgeries for 10 year olds or like chopping breast off at a very young age or irreversible hormone therapies that you're homophobic and it's like no, I don't like those things either right and Broadly speaking a lot of people don't and that is what's causing It's like that kind of messaging coming out of the left is what's causing them to lose support among our community. It's like no Just because we're gay. We don't have to support the crazy stuff right or the stuff in schools where it's like taking Agency away from parents and like the education of their school. What if what if the parent wanted to like? Teach their values right boys playing girls sports. Oh golly Oh golly, it's like we've made so much progress for women sports, and then we just cut it down now all our lives We knew there's men and women male and female Now supposedly now there's like a hundred different genders So how does that make sense throughout the history thousands and tens of thousands hundreds of thousands of years of human beings being on this planet? We have men and we have women in fact when you dig up in archaeology based on their bones and everything else They can tell this person was male this person was female now. They're telling us no no no that's all it's fluid Everything is is protocol fluid that makes absolutely no sense and They're trying to tell us That children they can choose their gender or they can believe that they're in the wrong body at the age of like Two three or four I mean that's just insanity and I tell people this I tell people this all the time the modern liberal progressive movement They treat us the adults they treat us as children And then they treat the children like oh, they're adults now. They can make decisions so in school. You can't give them Ibuprofen, but you can change their gender you can do you have a good job, and you can't give them a It makes absolutely no sense. It's I mean it's not only is it anti-religion. It's anti-american It's anti-christian anti-muslim and it's anti-humanity It's really anti-human at the end of the day I have American community used to support the Democrats and bigger numbers and now they're just so far left that you're like I can't identify with that anymore. Is that what we're at? I think that's basically in a nutshell that's what it is. I mean our community. I would say probably We like in our community Yemeni American community in Dearborn. We voted like 95% democratic I mean talk about a solid block It's a solid block But when we had the situation with the nonsense that was going on in the schools with the pornographic material the entire democratic establishment Attacked the parents as being you know religious bigots as being They even called us Taliban And then here's the Funny thing of all in addition to that they called us white supremacist and it was just my mind It's they just it's they're like in a cult kind of mode. It's like Okay, you know what our value the way they think our values It's a religious cult to them and anybody else no matter what that's it They're the enemy and again, it doesn't make any sense the vast majority of people are like wait a minute We live in a country we have freedom of speech We have freedom of religion and I'm not gonna let them take my freedom of speech take my religion away from me Hell no So a lot of people are turned off by the Democrats and also to they break less I think less like less Cheney To help and support him in the Middle East For to get the voters who's less shiny who's the Cheney what he did to Iraq That's the way the terror they had Liz Cheney campaign with Kamala Harris to get the Arab and Middle Eastern votes What they did the chain it would he did to Iraq? Yeah, did he said he may destroy Iraq? Well, yeah people that get killed over there. That was a bad move She thinks they think she gonna help but honestly she not gonna help what it is Bring it like a memories. We do remind us about something is happening Iraq. He gets destroyed because that is a lie What happened to Cheney she not gonna help was anything Traditionally traditionally Indian Americans used to vote for Democrats this election cycle. No, it's not there Majority of them leaders from the Democratic Party. They said we're not supporting. We don't like what's going on We don't support Democratic Party. We are supporting Trump. Do you believe the polls? They say it's 50 50 Michigan's gonna be Very very close. Do you believe that so let me tell you my experience actually I did the door knocking actually some a couple of weeks back and I was just asking some of the gentleman I said I asked him he said no we are rooting for Trump, but we don't need I said, can I put it a yard sign? He said no, I'm afraid people might attack me, but I am rooting for Trump So there are a lot of silent voters. They don't want to come out there I'll tell you why media did a wonderful job of making showing Trump as a villain and That's what majority of the people they fed up with it But they don't want to come out because they're afraid of being attacked and that's what the situation so I don't believe hopes I can tell you right now. There is a lot of people they're not coming out. They'll be worried about Trump Harris right now Right now right now as we speak Children are being burned alive in Gaza and who is the one that is Supporting there with all of the money and everything else. It's the Harris administration So at least I'm not saying that Trump is gonna I'm gonna be honest with people I'm not saying Trump is gonna change that but at least we have a shot. We have a chance with Harris. We have zero chance And then the final thing I would say The whole situation with immigration, let's be honest immigration is out of control One of the fundamental responsibilities of the federal government is to secure our borders to straight in the Constitution That's the one thing that the federal government does not do it does everything else, but the main thing that it's necessitated to do in the Constitution and we have millions upon millions upon those people that are coming through this country and we don't know who they are we cannot vet them properly and How am I supposed to vote for Kamala Harris when she says she's gonna fix it, but you're the one that caused the problem You're the one that caused the problem and you're telling me now you're gonna fix it the economy inflation She says she's gonna stop inflation. You're the one that caused in the first place. So how does that make any sense? So that's why there's gonna be a tremendous amount of support Regardless of the fear tactics that the other side uses there's going to be a tremendous amount of support for Donald Trump And we're gonna bring him back to the White House inshaAllah. God willing What's going on man, you're not voting at all can I ask you why Here can I interview you for a sec? So what you're not voting at all no, I'm not what you're in a state that it does make a difference every vote counts in The state. Yeah, I don't really think so. So be honest It wouldn't like it wouldn't make a difference to me be honest because down the Trump Yeah, and I'm not not racist at all But come on, you know and not even just white people are voting for Donald Trump black people are as well So it's like I don't even know who this other this woman is to be honest with you So nobody knows if she's black or she white they don't even know her race So what's difference would it really make for me to black vote? Like I didn't vote last year So look who won I didn't vote the year before that look who won. It's like my vote is really Was taking care of business there, honey, but anyways Oh Shit well you could vote to change things I can try I'll think about it. I really would but it's like I don't really think it will make a difference That's just how it will make a difference. Okay. All right, man. I'm just saying like it You know, if you don't like the way things are going everybody gets one vote. Okay, that's the way it makes us all equal We all get one vote. All right, then I'll get out the envelope Take care. All right, see ya We're just doing interviews, excuse me Yeah Let's go have a good day. Yeah, man See, maybe we got it. Maybe we've converted Maybe he's gonna go vote and he's gonna go vote for Trump and Michigan's gonna win by one vote and it's gonna be that one guy and we're gonna have to find him We're gonna have to track him down and give him a big metal. We're gonna give him no, it's a McDonald's he gets McDonald's free McDonald's for life for that guy If you want out for it for his family for life All right We're driving by and I saw this son Oh They never learn Never ever learn Troy needs to change When is it gonna come maybe this year? Maybe they'll finally learn You Drive around Detroit see signs of despair and neglect and kind of think maybe these people are never gonna turn it around and then Sometimes you get signs that they're waking up just like the people over in Philadelphia are a lot of people here realizing Hey, we don't have to blindly vote for Democrats anymore. That time's over I Tried has a long way to go before they're anywhere near where they used to be The ones that are informed here the ones waking up they can see there's another way Well, hey Nick Johnson fans So YouTube's pushing this whole membership thing now and I think it's great So I set one up for this channel If you want to be a member on this channel, you can only do it on your computer right now They make it hard for some reason So go and hit join right there and you can support the channel and join various membership tiers Hey guys, if you learned something new about America or what it's like to live in America, great You should think about subscribing and turning on your notifications You can also click one of these videos or playlists for more