 And J.B. Vance even said if he had his way, if you had four kids, you and your wife would have six votes. I don't know. Me personally, I'm part of the LGBTQ plus community, so that's really important to me. And obviously, I really don't think that Trump is going to protect people who are part of the LGBT community, especially those who are trans. Did he actually say that? I don't know. He didn't exactly say that. Corporations have been gouging. Corporations made huge raises in prices of things. Okay. And Kamala has a plan for getting that backed up so that they can't gouge you in times of trouble. What is that plan, you know? What is that plan? I don't know that plan exactly. Okay, it's election season, everyone. So we were in Detroit. We were working on a video about how there's been a huge groundswell of support for Donald Trump right here in Michigan. That video is coming out in a few days. But while we were in town, we heard there was a big rally being held in downtown Detroit where Barack Obama was going to talk. Yay! So I knew I had to go. I took an hour. I walked around outside talking to Kamala Harris voters outside of the rally. And boy, was it interesting. I found it pretty entertaining, actually. So here you go, YouTube. I think the words these people say speak for themselves. Okay, so there's a giant rally here in Detroit that just happened to happen when we're here. And Barack Obama and Eminem are going to speak and say a bunch of pro-Kamala stuff. I know a lot of people. I'm going to try to get a couple of opinions since I came all the way down here. I know you're not going to want to hear what they have to say. But might as well. And there might be some Trump people here, possibly. Who knows, right? Try not to barf. We're not going back. We're not going back. Not going back. Tell me why. Well, because back when I first got married, you couldn't have a credit card. You couldn't mortgage for a house. It's like a JD Vance is not taking a step. Nobody can buy a house now, though. Yeah, but you could get a mortgage if you got some credit, maybe. No, that's a problem. Well, hopefully. Nobody can get a house. I mean, I have family members. They just can't afford a house. Yeah, I got that. But to not have any credit at all that you can't even buy a trailer or something. And women were treated pretty good. They want us to go back to not being able to vote. But just the autonomy for bodies. My granddaughter needs to have the same rights that I had. If anything happens to her, I know someone who could have died if she couldn't have had that DNC because she had stuff in there that need to come out. And the doctors could be afraid that I'm going to get arrested and put in jail. What did you say about the earlier point about the women? He doesn't give women's rights. He wants to make it so women can't vote. If you look at the project 2025, that project wants to take us back to the 1920s. If you look into it, that is what J.D. Vance wrote the introduction to the book, to the project. Do you think Trump doesn't want women to vote? I'm not saying Trump. He's the leader who's getting them in. I mean, that guy is so close to having the 25th Amendment invoked on him. J.D. Vance would be sitting in there as the president's seat at the Oval Office. And he's only had a few months in as a senator. So what does he know? Are you two? Yeah. How are you going to ask me first? About what you guys are doing, how excited you are about today's event? That's right. Take care. Have a good one. I'm not good at talking. Come on. Let me get on the side since you're short. Tell me how the country's going. How do you feel the country's going? Well, it's going to go great. I think the country has been going very well for the past four years. Yeah, there's some things that need to be changed. But Kamala's going to do that. She's going to make the changes. And anybody but a felon. Anybody what? But a felon. But a felon? Okay. Anybody but Trump. Anybody but Trump. What do you hate about Trump the most? His rhetoric. He's nasty. He's... He's degrading. He's a very hateful man. And he's going to ruin our country. He already has divided our country with his first term. Now... Right to the surface. Okay. Yeah, it's going to be bad. What is going on? What's good about going on in the country? What do you like that's happening now? That's going on. I think people are very hopeful. Give her the money. Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. I think people are very hopeful for the future with Kamala as a candidate. Okay. But I mean like now. Like what's going on? Like you said things are going good now. What's going good now in the country? Well, unemployment is low. Unemployment's low. But my 401k has hit the roof. I took out a hundred thousand and it's already a hundred thousand up. There you go. The Dow has broken all kinds of records. Okay. You want to say something? You guys are doing great. I know that. You didn't want to talk at first and now you're talking. It's one of those things. The economy's awesome. Yeah. Everything has gone up. But they're not going to go back down with Trump. It's going to stay. It's going to be what it is. You know? What's going on? Hey. I have a YouTube channel. I'm just interviewing people about today's event. Can I talk to you guys for a second? Here. Talk to me. What? Why are you out here today? What are you so excited about? I'm really excited to see Obama. Personally, he's one of my favorite presidents. And I'm also really excited to be out here supporting Kamala Harris for president. How do you feel the country's going right now? I think it obviously could be a lot better. I think the state of politics right now in America is terrible with how polarized we are. I think the two-party system for politics is absolutely terrible. And I think that Kamala is definitely going to be a lot better for America than Trump will. What do you not like about Trump the most? What are some things that make you that you'll never vote for him? What is the reason? Definitely women's rights. A right for a woman to choose. Me personally, I'm part of the LGBTQ plus community. So that's really important to me. And obviously I really don't think that Trump is going to protect people who are part of the LGBT community, especially those who are trans. Did he actually say that? I don't know. He didn't exactly say that. He has supported legislation for, for example, in Florida when they, with the Don't Say Gay Bill, as well as being against drag queens and perpetuating the lie that drag queens are pedophiles. What do you think Kamala Harris should do first if she gets elected? What do you think she'll do first? I think that the first thing she should do is get a ceasefire done in Israel and Gaza. I think that's one of the biggest things for voters in America currently. I think that's definitely one of the top things that she should do when she gets elected. Okay. Thank you very much. Yeah, of course. Thank you. Yeah, man. My name is Nick. My channel is Nick John. I don't know if I can stand this anymore. This is not fun. Listen, there's a rhetoric. Look at all this. Sorry, you got to see this. This is just how it is all showing up for Barack Obama and Eminem. Look at them all excited. They are fired up, unfortunately, and they can't hear me right now because if they could, they'd be mad. What's up? They're not going back. They're not going back. They are not going back. All right. Can I ask about your shirt? Yes. Tell me about your shirt. I'm a UAW member, and this is a shirt from our UAW that Sean Fainmore at the DNC convention. So you clearly don't like Donald Trump? What do you not like about him the most? I worry about the future of unions and the future of the American people and the fact that he's a charlatan and a liar, and it surprises me that it's this close. What did he lie about? What has he lied about? It's the simpler question to answer, and that's maybe his name and his age, and that's about it. Almost everything else that comes out of that man's mouth is a lie. How do you feel the country's going right now? We'll find out in two weeks, won't we? Yeah. But I mean, is the country going good right now? Do you like the way things are going? Yeah, there's always things to fix, but at the moment, yeah, I think we're doing good. Like what? What's good? We're pro-union. We've got a lot of protections in place. The economy is doing pretty good. And so, yeah, there's a lot of things. We still have some protections in place for women's rights, but all of that could be erased in two weeks if that charlatan, if that scab gets in. What do you think Kamala should do first if she gets elected? She'll know what to do. I'm not a politician. I'm a nurse. Okay. Well, thank you so much. My name is Nick. My YouTube channel is Nick Johnson. Nick Johnson. Yes, thank you, ma'am. What channel? Nick Johnson. What channel? It's on YouTube. Nick Johnson. Okay, I'll look for it. I like your hat. Thank you. I can tell. All right. Oh my God. Sorry you had to listen to that. She didn't even really have a good answer. Her answer was, oh my God, look at all these people. Her answer was not good. Basically, she just uses the talking points of the same talking points that everybody else has, which is she's a liar, and I don't like it. And then you ask them, well, what's going on with the country? How's it going? Well, not very good, but, well, then why are you voting and what's her name? Look at all these people. Oh my God. Oh my God. There's probably, there might be 20 or 30 people going to this rally. There might be 50 people. Oh my God. All right, there might be 100 people. Can't wait to see Barack Obama. Oh, this lady's waving. Maybe we'll talk to her. Hi. Good. You were waving at me. I was wondering, can I interview you? I have a YouTube channel. I don't know. It might be against the other person. What's your YouTube channel? It's called Nick Johnson. I'm just getting opinions from people that are out here. Okay. Let me read my shirt. That's my opinion. We are not going back. All right. Period. Tell me how you feel about the way the country's going. What did I just say? Read my shirt. That's my answer to every question you have. We are not going back. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. What's going on? We are not going back. I'm afraid that some of these people are going to look at my channel and spit on me. Oh my God. Look at this line. How long have you guys been waiting in line? Okay. All right. Trying to find some Trump people out here protesting, but I don't think that's going to happen. Here. Give me here, ma'am. You've been fired up. I am here for the gals, for the girls. Kamala is going to save us. Okay. You go Kamala and Waltz. And I am 85. And this is an opportunity that I wasn't going to miss. Yeah. Well, why are you, why are you so fired up about Kamala Harris and the Democrats this year? Well, I've been a fairly long-term Democrat and this year in particular, I'd say this is probably again, one of the most important elections of our lifetime. I agree. And she's got to win. She's got to win for our country. Okay. How do you think the country's going right now? I hate that question because it's loaded. It's loaded because it always depends on who you're asking, right? Well, I'm asking you. Yeah. Look at it. I'm worried about it. I'm worried about the country. I'm worried about it even when she wins. I'm going to say when, because I'm thinking positively. But we've got a lot of work to do. And probably one of the biggest fights we have is the disinformation that's out there. And hopefully this interview won't get altered in any way. I just thought everybody talked. That's all. Yeah. It's important. So go Kam. All right. Do you want to have the pain? Well, he's right. It's very important. The thing with Biden, I mean, not Biden. I'm talking about Trump. He ran on a lot of resentment, like you said, false information. Now you have two divided countries. And the way we look in the world, we just we look inefficient. We really do. So like you need somebody that's more presidential that can appeal to the world, not just even us, you know, who could bring things together. And I just feel Kamala just has that spark that we need as a country to bring everybody together. So it's more she's good, not as much. He's bad because a lot of people, right? A lot of people are like, I just don't like him. Yeah. I mean, I know that's a lot of it. But the reason why they don't like him is because of the premise that he comes. He ran up under resentment, no offense, but he really did. You know, a lot of whites, he felt like he appealed to the ones who felt like, oh, man, you know, we haven't had our day. We want our day. So he got with them. Whereas that this country is moving in a totally different direction. And you kind of need somebody that can fuse them together. And I just think the Democratic going back not just so much America, but the world's go. Do you look presidential to the world? Do you look like you get things together? Because I don't know. I just think with him, you think she's got it all all together. I think the party does. I'm not going to say her in the party here. You're here. Just voice your concern. Here. Oh, thanks, mother. You brought me here. Talk to me about why you're excited to be here today. Well, I'm excited to see Obama, of course, like why not? And we're very excited to support Vice President Harris because we need strong leadership. We need somebody who's sane and wants to protect women's rights and just people in general. How do you think the country is going right now? I mean, we always need improvement. We always need changes. But I think things aren't too bad, but they could get worse depending on the way things go. What is it about Trump that you do not like? He's unhinged. And he doesn't care about people at all. I think a better question is to ask what is there to like about him because there's nothing. Nothing at all? No. So you think he did a terrible job as president? Oh, absolutely. What was wrong with what he did? How did the country... What was wrong in 2016 to 2020? Well, I mean, let's just talk about COVID, for instance. He turned that into more of a disaster than it would have been under better leadership. OK. He... One thing that sticks out in my mind is I was recently in Puerto Rico. And to see what they're still going through after the hurricanes and to know under Trump's presidency, he was trying to deny them any help because he said that they weren't our problem when... I'm sorry. They're a U.S. territory. So they are our problem. Well, I live in North Carolina, and they feel neglected that they didn't get help. Through what? The government. Recently? Yeah. See, that's not what I'm seeing. And even from people that I have that live there, they have gotten plenty of help. OK. I mean, I would just say, I mean, Puerto Rico aside, where I live, they feel like they didn't get any help from the government. Like, terrible, hardly any money, all that. That's near and dear to me. Right. The natural disaster shit. I have friends that lost their places, and they feel completely overwhelmed and neglected by FEMA, the government response, everything. And I think a lot of the answer to probably was like the red tape, you know what I mean? Because I think the help is there, but it's difficult to access. And that is something that probably does need to be to change. And I think a lot of that, especially when it comes to, you know, the Harris administration, they look... They're going to look for ways to make things easier to access for everyday people. And I... Trump is not going to do that. You don't think that? No. OK. Well, you guys are fired up. Thank you so much. OK. My name is Nick. Nick Johnson. That's my channel. All right. OK. Have fun. The lines are moving out. Oh, my God. So that lady basically said, what did Trump do wrong? And she said, well, Covid, you messed up Covid. I don't... That's silly. And then she said, and the disaster response in Puerto Rico, he botched that. I'm like, well, we just had some botched disasters in our own backyard a month ago, not even a month ago. I live there. I know. So that opinion is new. All he knows is Project 2025. I'm not saying he's not smart. He's smart. But he also doesn't think women should have the rights. And that goes along with, you know, the... the two billionaires that are supporting him, the fool who sent him... Peter... Peter Tule. Peter Tule, who actually... Yeah, the tool. He actually paid for J.D. Vance to go to college. I mean, this guy is really dangerous because he said women should not be voting. And J.D. Vance even said if he had his way, you... if you had four kids, you and your wife would have six votes. But people who don't have kids wouldn't have votes because he said they don't have an interest in what's going on in the country. That's just wrong. How do you feel the country is going right now? I think it's going pretty well. I mean, stock market is way up. We're the envy of the world as far as financial... our financial situation, the economy. We are the envy of the world. So I don't... I don't get... I understand, you know, some of the basic products. Corporations have been gouging. Corporations made... made huge raises in prices of things. And Kamala has a plan for getting... getting that backed up so that they can't gouge you in times of trouble. What is that plan, you know? What is that plan? I don't know that plan exactly, but I know that particular one. She does have a plan. And as far as like 25,000 for first time home buyers that want to help get student debt out of the way. I mean, most of these students have already paid so much in interest. They're going to be paying... they're paying off their debt five or six times what it originally was. And that just isn't fair. And there's no way family should have to work two and three jobs in order to make ends meet. That should not be happening. So what do you think she should do first to fix the problems that are currently going on then? Okay, the really tricky part is a lot of the things... ways she can fix things are going to take a Democratic Senate and a Democratic House of Representatives. So unless she has that, her hands are a little bit tied. There are some things she can do, but there's a lot she can't do. Okay. Alright. I get you. So yeah, and I think if the billionaires and millionaires were paying their fair share, our country would be doing just fine. Our people would be doing just fine. Thank you. You're welcome. My name is Nick. Nick Johnson. That's my YouTube channel. Enjoy. Okay, Nick. It was nice to talk to you. We're on for two more. Thank you. Alright. Well, there's another opinion. We've got... that woman was quite misinformed, but she has an opinion, a strong opinion about it. And she's going to stick to what she believes in. So you got to hand it to her for... she's voting and she's involved and you know, it's the American way. Everybody's got an opinion. What's up? Can I interview you for a second? Sure. I have a YouTube channel. Go for it. My name is Nick. Take this in your hand. Tell me, why are you excited to be here today? I'm excited to finally experience change in my generation and see a candidate who represents someone under the age of 80. Yeah, that's about it. That's all I got. Okay. Also someone who cares about the middle class, someone who's gotten my mom excited about politics for her to be at her first rally. Alright. I'm just excited. Okay. How do you think the country's going right now? Good. Better than I think news media gives it credit for, but there's a solid chance that we go back if we pick the wrong candidate this November. Alright. Thank you very much. Thank you. Appreciate it, man. Have fun. No problem. Alright. Okay. That wasn't too bad. He didn't do too bad. I was hoping he would have done worse, but he didn't. He actually landed the, he stuck the landing. Man, these people are seriously lined up. I feel like I'm enemy territory right now. Cross enemy lines in disguise because they know who I am because I'm just a YouTuber guy. And I think that the point's been made here. I don't really know if I need to ask any more people anymore. Questions. I don't feel like anything else needs to be said. Except maybe this guy. Hey man, what's going on? Can I, I have a YouTube channel. Can I interview you for a second about why you're here? It'll just take a minute. Yeah. Alright. Talk to me. Why are you excited to be here? Um, I don't know. I kind of wanted to meet Obama and then I heard Eminem was going to be here. So I was like, fuck it. Let's go. That's the best answer I've heard all day. Thank you. Oh, talk about sticking a landing. Jeez. Got it. So that was interesting. But you know what? These people are nice. They're, they're civil. They have an opinion. We don't all have to agree. And here they go off, off to their next event. Well, they're going to hear the things they want to hear and get each other excited about voting. It's in two weeks and the city of Detroit is really fired up about it. As you can see. Obama and the lions. That's, that's the talk of the town today. All right. I did my part, earned my stripes. I'm going to go back to the neighborhoods and find some Trump people. Peace. Well, hey, Nick Johnson fans. So YouTube's pushing this whole membership thing now and I think it's great. So I set one up for this channel. If you want to be a member on this channel, you can only do it on your computer right now. They make it hard for some reason. So go and hit join right there and you can support the channel and join various membership tiers. I'm excited about it. I'm going to post all sort of behind the scenes content, extra interviews, fun, mappy stuff, bonus songs, more. Just some extra stuff that doesn't make it out of the main channel. So think about becoming a member. Hi, everyone. You should join. I did. Are you looking to move and need advice? I do consulting. That's right. I'll sit down and talk about where the next perfect place for you and your family should be. I do it all the time. Together, let's find you a new home that safe and checks all your boxes. And I can also help you find your new house to email me and I'll work with you. I'm not just helping you figure out where to move, but I can help you find your perfect home too. That's right. I know awesome, reliable agents all over the country. And I'd love to connect you to somebody who can help you search for that perfect home. And if you want to buy some mappy gear, click the store link on my homepage. From there, you can check out the latest merch. There's hoodies, coffee cups, stickers and shirts. Show off how much you love mappy and support the channel. And I'm on cameo too. If you want me to send you or somebody, you know, a personalized video message, go to cameo and search Nick Johnson YouTube. It's fun. Hey, YouTube world. I'm Sage Nick's manager. You've enjoyed a corner house entertainment production. So watch another one.