 There are less than three weeks to go before election day, and both of these candidates are headed to Michigan today as they continue to blit swing states in the home stretch of the campaign. Ahead of events in and around Detroit, President Trump will sit down for an interview with Fox News personality and former professional wrestler, Tyrus, on his podcast, Maintaining with Tyrus, while the Vice President kicks off a two-day tour of the state with events in Grand Rapids, Lansing, and the Detroit area as well. News Nation's Robert Sherman is in Detroit for both campaign events today. Robert, good morning to you. What are we expecting from the former president first? Good morning to you, Marky. Yeah, here we are in the Great Lakes state, which today is in the center of the political conversation, both of these campaigns on the ground, and 15 highly coveted electoral votes up for grabs here. With both of these campaigns set to barnstorm across the state, you have the former president speaking here in downtown Detroit later tonight, where we're anticipating there's going to be a focus, a laser sharp emphasis on a lot of these kitchen table issues, which this campaign has been doubling down on in recent weeks, focusing on jobs, focusing on inflation, and focusing on rebuilding American cities. That was a key emphasis that he had the last time he was here in Detroit, which was just a matter of days ago, in which he told Michiganders that there are better days on the horizon, is what he had to say. Well, we're a developing nation too. Just take a look at Detroit. Detroit's a developing area, hell of a lot more than most places in China. And I'm telling you right now, standing here in the center of this once great city, that by the end of my term, the entire world will be talking about the Michigan miracle and the stunning rebirth of Detroit. Tight race here in Michigan. The decision desk HQ average of polls now has the former president holding a slight edge, less than one percentage point. You see the numbers there on your screen. We have seen those numbers adjusting in recent weeks in which you've seen a bit of a surge here from the former president as early voting is now underway. Over 850,000 ballots have already been cast. Marky and Robert, while the former president is rallying in downtown Detroit, the vice president won't be too far away. She'll be in Oakland County. What's key for both of these campaigns? Yeah, it's an interesting observation here, Marky, because you go back to the 2016 and 2020 races. Former president had a big emphasis on stumping in those rural counties, whereas his opponents were focusing on the urban areas. Today you see the reversal. You have the former president in downtown Detroit, whereas vice president Kamala Harris will be in Grand Rapids and then in the suburban areas of the Detroit metro area. And you start to see why you look at some of these polling metrics here. The former president seems to be outperforming what traditionally Republicans do in urban areas. This one recent study puts him at 42 percent in urban areas compared to Kamala Harris at 53 percent suburban areas, much tighter there. The former president, 49, Harris, 47, and then rural areas. The former president has a bit of a lead. But you see the way both of these campaigns are strategizing here. The former president's team believes they can make inroads in urban areas, whereas the vice president team believes their path to victory runs through the suburbs. Marky, Robert Sherman live in Detroit for us this morning. Thank you so much, sir.