 At the Jam and Bean, owner Doug Lee is serving up more than ice cream. And hey man, thank you for your service. He is also handing out Donald Trump yard signs here in suburban Grand Rapids. And those signs come to us for free. What they want in lieu of three is they want us to sign up for Trump. He says volunteering for the Trump campaign is motivated by patriotism. I love this country, and many people do. There's an effort to divide this country. We are in a civil war. 15 kilometers away at the Kent County Democrats' headquarters, a training for volunteers to make phone calls. Hi, my name is John Mitchell. I'm with the Democratic Party in Kent County. To get people out to vote on election day. 2016 was very close. 2020 was very close. And to me anyway, there's no indication that 2024 is going to be any different. Volunteers are key to winning in Michigan. Democrats say they are confident. The number of folks who've been active and will continue to be active in our campaign is one of the largest I've seen since I've been at the party. Republicans also express confidence. We are hitting tens of thousands of doors per week. It's a phenomenal ground game. It's something that I haven't seen in the state at this scale ever. Michigan is a battleground state that could swing for either Vice President Kamala Harris or former President Donald Trump. Along with Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Nevada, Arizona, North Carolina and Georgia. These are states that were won by three percentage points or less in 2020. Every voting block is key in a tight election. There's certain voting blocks that we assume that one party is going to do well with. But you need definitely to sort of have, make sure that you get their votes. So for instance, Democrats need to make sure that they get a large portion of the African-American vote in the state. Republicans need to make sure they get a large portion of the evangelical vote in the state. With 15 electoral votes to contribute to the minimum 270 to win, it's no wonder that Michigan is heavily courted by both candidates who are right now virtually tied in the polls. Harris has been to the state four times since she became Democratic nominee in July. Trump has been to the state nine times this election cycle, including five times in the last month alone. In a town hall in Flint last week, he focused on cheap electric vehicle imports from China, a concern to many Michigan auto workers. If I don't win, you will have no auto industry within two to three years. It'll all be gone. And I know you got a little bit of an increase. It doesn't mean that's the small stuff because it's just a temporary thing because you will not have any manufacturing plants. The United Automobile Workers Labor Union is a key political force in the state and has endorsed Harris. But she faces headwinds from Arab Americans angry over the war in Gaza. Michigan has the nation's largest percentage of Arab Americans. In Detroit last week, Harris did not address Gaza. She highlighted Republican efforts to restrict abortion, which has been a winning issue for Democrats. Certain people who are in these state houses and then starting with the former president of the United States think they're in a better position than a doctor or a nurse to determine when their patient needs medical care. For both campaigns, winning Michigan means turning out regular supporters and winning over the small number of voters who say they are still undecided. Patcio Hida-Cuswara, VOA News, Grand Rapids, Michigan.