 News Nations Mills Hayes is live in Dearborn Forest. Mills, we're going to let you settle it all for us. What are you hearing from voters? Hey, Adrian. Well, it is super tight here in Michigan and you're right. Vice President Harris does have a slight lead, 25%. So it's very small, but it is a lead nonetheless. And here on the ground, we're in Dearborn, Michigan. So we're right outside of Detroit. And this area has a majority Muslim population. Arab Americans are the majority in this area. And so we've spoken to voters all throughout the day, many of them who are frustrated with the way things are. The big issue here, a lot of people telling us that they are very upset with US's support of the war of Israel's war in Gaza. And so some of those people told us that they would be voting third party. Other people told us that it was the economy and that they were really worried about that. They felt like former President Trump might be the answer. I want you guys to take a listen to some of the people we talked to earlier. They should consider what they're doing and their actions. They have consequences. I don't think either of them would be able to do it, but one of them is going to win. Unfortunately, we're just having the two party system now. And I think it's time to move on to more parties because the US is a melting pot now. The economy is going down really bad. And as Lebanese American, I'm looking forward just to to have peace in the Middle East and what Trump promised us that we are going to have peace. And of course, there are Arab American voters who are voting for Harris, some voting for Trump and some voting for third party. But it really could come down to this issue of the war in Gaza because back during the Democratic presidential primary, more than 100,000 people did a protest vote and voted uncommitted. And why that matters is because in 2016, when Trump won Michigan, he won by just over 10,000 votes. And then when Biden took the state in 2020, he won by over 150,000 votes. So it is razor thin and every vote matters for Michigan. And so this could definitely be an issue in an area where it may come down to the war in Gaza. Adrienne? Yeah, a lot of people saying they just want peace and they want the leader who can achieve that peace in the Middle East, whoever they're confident in. What can we expect from tomorrow's rally? Well, Vice President Harris will be at a rally in East Lansing. That's where Michigan State University is at. But before she goes to there, she's going to be in Detroit. She'll actually be in Detroit tonight. And then tomorrow morning, she's going to be visiting a church. She's been going to churches the past three weeks. And that's really her way of trying to get there. And then she's going to be in a neighborhood. And then she's going to get out and speak with religious communities and specifically also black voters. So we're going to see her go to a predominantly black church tomorrow morning. And then she's going to go to a small business in a predominantly black neighborhood. And then she's going to go to a barbershop as well. And then she'll go on to her rally later that night. And at the rally, that's going to be where she's trying to get the young college voters out there because there are more than 50,000 students in that county. And so if she can run up the numbers on the student vote, that could also help with that. And that's going to be a really good opportunity for the young voters to help her as well. Adrian? Certainly has a strategy aimed at those younger voters, of course aimed at particularly black churches in the South. Millshays, thank you so much as always.