 Growing a small business is the American dream, and there are lots of challenges. So which candidate paints a bigger, more optimistic picture of the future in growing and starting those small businesses? Small business owner, Sherri Harris is with us, CEO and founder of The Swint Group, a certified women-owned construction logistics and infrastructure Detroit-based firm. So you're in this swing state. Sherri, good morning. How are you? Good morning. I am great. How are you today? I'm wonderful. Thank you. So I'm on The Swint Group website right now, and I'm looking at all the things that you all do. You launched in 2015, and you have grown your business to what it is today under the Trump administration and also the Biden administration, and oh, let's throw a pandemic in that. What have been the differences in each of those four years for you as a small business owner, launching your passion? Well, for me, I'm in the Biden administration. Our transportation firm has grown significantly. We are currently on a federally funded GDOT project. Under the Trump administration, we were going through COVID, and it was a really tough time for us, so we pivoted into construction, and we've been doing great since then. So as you look forward and continue to grow your business, and both of these candidates have different plans about helping small businesses grow, some tax cuts. You heard former President Trump talking about interest rates for credit cards, which is a big expense for small businesses. Which gives you the most optimism for the next four years for your business? I really support Kamala Harris and the $50,000 that she's proposing to give to startups. When I started my company, those options weren't available for me. And so as we do things in life, we do them for the people coming behind us. And so I think that is really gonna be great for the small businesses community. What have been the greatest challenges for you, Sherry? I mean, the pandemic's certainly one of them in expanding the work that you do and the reach that you have in your business. Well, being a certified woman on business, I face many challenges as an African-American and as a woman in a predominantly male-dominated industry. So blazing this path has been a little difficult, but I'm resilient. I don't stop. I have the American spirit, and that is we keep going and we unite. So I partner with different firms and we increase our capabilities to bid by partnering and uniting. And so I stand on unity and that has helped me grow. You'll vote in November because you're a small business owner. So that will influence part of your vote, but you're also a woman, you live in a swing state. What are some of the other issues that are driving your vote and top of mind for you in this presidential election? Well, here are a few things. Number one, what's really driving my vote is Kamala wants to unite us and we do better united than divided. I see Trump as a divisionist. I'm a small business and we are known and awarded for hiring returning citizens. And it is very difficult for people who have one felony to gain employment and to get a chance to even have living. These guys come home from guys, females, I'm sorry. They come home from jail and they need to live with their parents. And if their parents are in an apartment and their felons, they can't live there. And so, people with one felony face so many things. I feel like it is executive white privilege that he's able to run for president with 32 felony convictions. And so I feel like the president of the United States should be a role model for our children to look up to. And I don't think that a 32 convicted felon who spews the vision is a role model for the children of our future to look up to. So when I cast my vote in November, I am a proud Democrat. It will be for Kamala Harris. Thank you for watching. Go to newsnationnow.com to find News Nation on your television provider. And don't forget to click the red subscribe button below to get more of News Nation's fact-driven, unbiased coverage.