 Let's bring in our political director, Washington bureau chief, Rick Klein. Rick, the polls all bunched up as we head into the final weekend. Walk through some of the different paths that each candidate has. Yeah, good morning, George. The 538 battleground polls tell the story right now. The polling average is everywhere. All seven battlegrounds. No one has a lead of more than two and a half points, all within any polls margin of error. So to start with, if you just assume that the polls are accurate, which of course is a huge assumption, this is where things would land at the end of election night. Donald Trump, over 270 electoral votes, he would clinch the presidency for a second time, but no map is a foregone conclusion. So let's play with this scenario here. Let's say that the polls are understating Vice President Harris, or that she has a big ground operation, eeks out just enough votes to win. Here's a scenario that's probably her likeliest path to victory. She picks up one electoral vote in Nebraska, and then Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, the Rust Belt, the blue wall holds right there. There's no other surprises. That's 270 electoral votes. But of course the polls could be off in the other direction, or Trump is able to hold, this is Trump's likeliest path to victory. If he holds the two battlegrounds out West, in Nevada and Arizona, and the two Southern battlegrounds, Georgia and North Carolina, he is then just one state away from clinching the presidency. Pennsylvania is the biggest prize on the map. That's the best opportunity for him. The single most important battleground state on the map, probably for either candidate, George. Rick, we have massive early vote, but does it tell us anything? Well look, this is what we know so far. 65 million Americans have voted already. That is something. 40% of the total turnout from 2020 was still four days to go. We don't know who people voted for quite yet, but the Harris campaign has been touting what they call good news for them in the early voting. They're looking at the gender gap. So far, women making up about 55% of the people who have already voted. That gap was actually a little bit larger by a single point four years ago, although in 2016 it was a little bit more even. So they like those numbers. The other thing we can tell is the likely partisanship of people have already voted. So far across the battleground states, there's a two point edge for Democrats. Of course they like that, but four years ago, it was a nine point edge. A lot of things have changed in terms of voting in the four years, so it's hard to read too much into that. But the bottom line, there is no data that definitively says who will win and who will lose this race. The votes that will decide it almost certainly have not yet been cast, George. It is just so hard to read. Okay, Rick Klein, thanks very much.