 I'm nervous when I see how tight the polls are. It's shocking to me how close it could be, considering the wide ethical differential between the two candidates and what we saw the four years that Trump was president. So that part makes me nervous, but I feel really good about it. I think there's a lot of people really excited about Kamala. Right after Biden stepped down, people started feeling really good and really excited for, and I think people are showing up. I'm so excited. I've been on top of registering to vote and getting my absentee ballot, cuz I live away from home. When I drive around, I see an awful lot of Trump signs, but I'm encouraged by what I see here today. And I understand you have the swing states that are gonna make the election with the Electoral College, which is unfortunate because she might be the next person that loses that still has wins by a significant popular vote. I guess I would say my top issue overall is just getting Donald Trump out. I think his rhetoric and the way he's divided people over the past several years has been the most harmful thing for our country. And I think once Kamala gets in, it will just bring unity. So I think unity is the main thing I'm looking for. My issue is really the environment. And I'm really pleased with the efforts that we're doing to try to advance alternative energy and realizing that the climate is changing and that we need to do something about it. It's freedom, and I mean, normally for me it's climate change, but I don't feel like you can achieve that if the other side doesn't even believe it and you don't have a free democracy. So democracy is the number one thing for me. Have states decide their own education. I feel like it should be a country-wide policy. As well as reproductive rights, I feel like it should be set in stone. This is what we do. This is what we do in every state. So everybody is able to have the same reproductive rights across the nation and education. They say there's equity between men and women, yet it's like 2024 and there's not yet been a female president. And I think if there was true equality, we would see a female president just like so many other countries. A woman should at some point be president. And I think she has the ability to do it. She demonstrated that in the debate, her leadership. I honestly think it would be really amazing to see something like that in my lifetime.