 From rising living costs and the need for economic stability to hopes for greater unity, Americans are looking for leaders who will address issues impacting their lives, be it jobs, affordable housing, or a desire for less divisive politics. Here are some of their concerns. Separate whatever your opinion might be about him. I think that his economic policy is very sound. I think that putting tariffs on nations that try to push their products into our country, it's a smart thing because ultimately what it does is it promotes businesses to do business in America. As young people, we actually just want to see what the ideas are. It's better living just like gas going down or groceries going down and rent going down, because rent is killing me big time. It is very divided, and I've seen a lot of that, but I also think that I've seen a lot of people who are realizing that there's more that unites than that they thought and that, you know, fundamentally they need the same things and realizing that division is more or less something that's sort of imposed on people from the political forces that it serves. So I just wish people, both Democrats and Republicans, work together and actually solve the problems that we actually are facing today, every day, instead of fighting between them. Let's now get a sense of the final days of election or the general election to the United States. Correspondents Sidhansi Boul from Maryland and Susan Terrani from Times Square, New York, are joining us on this broadcast. Good to see you both. Susan, let's talk about a poll that everyone is talking about right now. Kamala Harris has lip-frogged Donald Trump to take the lead near election day in Iowa, a state he won twice. Even though Trump campaign team has rubbish the sales of polls, what do you gather from voters in Iowa? Yeah, that poll is making a lot of headlines and just because some believe that it is an outlier, but others say that we'll have to wait and see whether or not this, because it's the only poll that really says this, especially coming out of Iowa. There is another poll out of Iowa, the Des Moines poll, which came out earlier and had the former president ahead. A lot of analysts are saying that that would be a huge surprise if Kamala Harris does take Iowa. But then again, this specific poll, and I'm glad that you adhere to it, the reason it's making headlines is because it's not in line with every other poll that we've seen in the past week or so. And because of this, this may be a litmus test not only for the election and what happens in Iowa, but also how reliable are polls at the end of the day. Remember in 2022, there was this sort of hope, at least because of the polls, that there's going to be this red wave. And then back in 2020, the margins were a lot wider than we thought between former President Donald Trump and Joe Biden, which became president. Sidharth and Sabur, what about you? What are the sentiments from voters in Maryland? Well, Erica, Maryland has always been a blue state and it is choosing to remain blue state. But what is something that's very clear is a very divided society. I've spoken to many people here on the ground. And so far I've been speaking to Indian American voters. In fact, Indian Americans have been a loyal supporter of the Democrats of Kamala Harris. But they're not very happy with the Democrats and they are shifting their loyalties to the Republicans, to Donald Trump. And they have been very concerned about immigration. That has been a big issue for the Indian American voters here in Maryland. Also, essentially, they see Kamala Harris as someone who has not been very vocal about her Indian heritage. She has been, of course, focusing on her African American heritage. If she comes to power, she will be the first woman and first Indian ancestry president. But by and large, so far that hasn't been showcased when it comes to her campaign. Though the Democrats have been trying to woo the Indian voters with, of course, big ticket Diwali celebrations at the White House, where the US President Joe Biden talked about how Kamala Harris has the character, unlike the other guy, which he met, Donald Trump. Susan, coming back to you, we are now counting hours to the elections. What is the mood like, especially in the blue state of New York? Yeah, the mood in New York is one of excitement, but I'll tell you, as Sidon alluded to, it's such a divisive society right now, not only in a blue state like New York, where Maryland, where Sidon is, or in Pennsylvania, where I was yesterday, but across the country as well. And when I say excited, both sides are hoping for this big win. And it's interesting, despite the margin of error polling that we're seeing, Democrats and Republicans both think that come November 5th or whenever the outcome of the election is clear, there's going to be a landslide for their candidate of choice. As Sidon noted, the issue of economy and immigration is not only on the top of the minds of Indian Americans, but also the people that we speak to. But it's also interesting that when you talk to the younger generation, those issues are out the window. What I hear most is the war in Gaza, quote unquote, genocide is what a lot of them talked about, climate change, women's rights, and the issue of affordable housing. The younger generation, I think, are looking for changes in that. Whether or not they think that change is going to be brought by the former president, that's yet to be seen. All right. We'll have to leave it there. I've been talking to our correspondent, Susan Terrani, in New York and Sidon Sebo in Maryland. Thank you both.