 I want to show you the board now on our power rankings and this is what has changed now. Here we go. We'll put it in motion. Our forecast right now is Kamala Harris at 226 Trump at 219. A week ago we had Harris at 226. Why the change? Why the reduction of 15 electoral votes? That's because the state of Michigan, we believe right now, is a toss-up. We had it lean Democrat for quite a bit. However, this election right now is still as tight as you can get. All the polling suggests, in all these toss-up states now in yellow, Nevada, Arizona, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, and Georgia, too close to call. We just do not know. However, in these seven states right here, you will find, plus the one electoral vote, Nebraska too, that's Omaha. There's 93 electoral votes on the board here, 93 up for grabs as we come to you today. I want to bring in Debbie Dingell, Democrat from Michigan, which get a lot of attention. Good morning to you, Congresswoman, and thank you for your time. I want to show you a Quinnipiac and then you can react to this. From about three days ago, it shows margin of errors, about 3.1 percentage points. Trump is right on the line there at 50-47. What's happening in Michigan? Why is it considered to be such a close race there? Well, good morning, Bill and Dana. It's always good to be with you. If you can remember, months ago, I told you Michigan was going to be purple right down to election day. Several weeks ago, when asked, I made it very clear neither candidate has won this state yet. The difference, I told you all in 2016, Donald Trump is going to win Michigan and nobody believed me, including many at Fox. The difference is people understand they're both competitive. Both campaigns understand that they're competitive. But I would argue that Vice President Harris and Governor Walts are taking it seriously. They understand that they've got to better define themselves. They know where their target audiences are. And this week, you see the vice president here today. She will be in Michigan Friday and Saturday. Governors are going to be here on a bus tour Thursday and Friday. She is likely to come back next week. Governor's going to be in Saginaw on Sunday and President Obama's coming on Tuesday and Socialist Cheney. They're working it. We've got a lot of hard work to do. It's going to be who turns out the votes. And we're going to work and do what we've got to do to win this state. And then what's the best mechanism in your mind for them to do that? I know there's a lot of paid advertising. You're talking about visits. But is it ground game? Is it paid advertising? Is it turnout on actual election day, early voting? From your perspective, if you were them, what would you focus on? And who would you focus on? Is there a constituency that could make the difference for either Trump or Harris in Michigan? There are real constituencies that can make a difference. And I see you focus. They've got to be focused on and talk to between now and election day. The first constituency is unit halls. And you've got to... I don't think people know Kamala Harris yet. I do. I don't think she's how great she is. They need to feel her. We all know who Donald Trump is. I'm not going to use any adjectives I some moments would like to. But he is who he is. He's passionate. And he says what he thinks, and people know him. They want to know that they know her. I think she's trying to do that. She's doing more media interviews. She's doing different places. And they just need to... I wish they'd just let her go into the union hall, quite frankly. We've seen a lot of discussion identified this a couple of months ago is young black men who... And it's not her problem. It's Democrats' problems. And I've said this. It's the way we didn't talk about trade in 2016 in the right way. They don't want to be taken for granted. They feel taken for granted. They want to be talked to directly. What she's doing in Detroit today is taking that on directly. And a lot of other people are trying to go in. And by the way, Democrats have to be there the day after election day too. The city's just very complicated here. It's just very, very, very complicated. Listen, I think the demographics in Michigan are so fascinating, whether it's the union vote or Arab Americans. It's really going to be interesting. Or do you wish Americans? Yeah, three weeks from tonight. Here is James Carville. She's doing a lot of interviews now. And that really hasn't been the case. She kind of went into a cocoon after that convention there in Chicago. Carville says she's obviously working hard. I'm not a fan of doing interviews with different people, because the problem with the interview is you have to answer questions that the interviewer asks you. Well, I think that's the point of the exercise, is it not? James is welcome to come on here and explain that. I'm going to have to read that again. What's up with that, huh? Congresswoman. What's up with that? I think she's doing what she should do. She should answer those questions. That's why I'm glad to see her do it. And by the way, I'm glad she's doing Fox tomorrow. I think she's got to go everywhere. I've done you all for years. I think it's important. I watch you because I want to know what people are thinking and I want to talk and get the perspective. So I think you should have to answer the question. Anybody wants to ask you. I have a question. So one of the questions she did not answer well, by all accounts, was when she was asked a couple of times last week, what would separate you? What is different that you would do that Biden did? How would you define yourself differently? And people want change. She kind of was protective of Biden, maybe didn't want to hurt his feelings or didn't know how to answer that. How would you answer that? I think she's in a very difficult position because she was his vice president. And you know, I'm still of fashion. I think loyalty does matter. But look, we've got to address the economy. She's got to take that on. She's got to talk about what she's going to do. I think she's got to talk about how she's going to protect jobs and bring manufacturing back and lower the cost of food in the grocery store. And she's got to be very clear in having what she's going to do. And hopefully she's going to be doing that in the next few days as well. The problem is that the comeback always is, well, why haven't you done it already? But anyway, that's for the interviewers. That's right. You know, there is a Republican Congress that blocks things, my friends. OK, well, that could be an answer that she hasn't used yet. Debbie Dingell, thank you for coming back. OK, and let's talk again in a week or so. All right, we'll see where we are. I'm Steve Ducey. I'm Brian Kilmeade. And I'm Ainsley Earhart. And click here to subscribe to the Fox News YouTube page to catch our hottest interviews and most compelling analysis.