 All right, let's react to this first time seeing it. I was going to say this was about it. Board now on our power rankings, and this is what has changed now. Here we go. We'll put it in motion. Our forecast right now is Kamala Harris at 226, Trump at 219. A week ago, we had Harris at 226. Why the change? Why the reduction of 15 electoral votes? That's because the state of Michigan, we believe right now, is a toss-up. We had it lean Democrat for quite a bit. However, this election- Michigan is my state, by the way, but I'm going to talk about that in a second. The election right now is still as tight as you can get. All the polling suggests, and all these toss-up states now in yellow, Nevada, Arizona, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, and Georgia, too close to call. We just do not know. However, in these seven states right here, you will find, plus the one electoral vote, Nebraska 2, that's Omaha, there's 93 electoral votes on the board here, 93 up for grabs as we come to you today. I want to bring in Debbie Dingell, Democrat from Michigan, which- A lot of attention. Good morning to you, Congresswoman. Thank you for your time. I want to show you a Quinnipiac, and then you can- So I did not know that this was about Michigan, but I do want to share something. I'm going to let her get through it because I'm going to tell you what I'm saying. React to this from about three days ago. It shows margin of errors about 3.1 percentage points. So Trump is right on the line there at 50-47. What's happening in Michigan? Why is it considered to be such a close race there? Let's go. Well, good morning, Bill and Dana. It's always good to be with you. If you can remember, months ago, I told you Michigan was going to be purple right down to election day. Several weeks ago, when asked, I made it very clear, neither candidate has won this state yet. The difference, I told you all in 2016, Donald Trump is going to win Michigan, and nobody believed me, including many at Fox. The difference is people understand they're both- Both campaigns understand that they're competitive, but I would argue that Vice President Harris and Governor Walts are taking it seriously. They understand that they've got to better define themselves. They know where their target audiences are, and this week you see the Vice President here today. She will be in Michigan Friday and Saturday. Governors are going to be here on a bus tour Thursday and Friday. She is likely to come back next week. Governor's going to be- Oh boy, she is. She is trying to get Michigan, boy. In second on Sunday, and President Obama's coming on. All right, I don't know what the rest of all this is about, but let me give you all my thoughts about Michigan. I promise you, I did not know that this was about Michigan. I seen that they said something about a swing state or whatever, it was a toss-up. Okay, so for my nine to five, I do a lot of traveling throughout Michigan, right? So I'm talking from Detroit, your inner city, to freaking country town. I'm talking, I'm going damn near Alpena type. Like I'm all around. I don't have to go there a lot, but when I drive through Michigan, Grand Rapids area, Detroit, Metro Detroit, when I drive through these cities, there are a lot, Oakland County, which is Metro, there are a lot of Trump signs. I mean a lot. For every one Harris wall sign, within a three minute period, I will see at least, and this is minimum, at least five Trump signs after I see one Harris sign. It is a rare occasion, unless I'm in Wayne County, where I will see a Harrison wall sign back to back. I will see Trump signs back to back to back to back. One time I was driving through a subdivision, I got lost in the subdivision, just trying to find my way out to the main street. And from when I got into the subdivision, to when I left, which took me about two and a half minutes, I seen 10 Trump signs in Metro Detroit. And in my mind, I said, I know Michigan is a big state, but I don't see how she's gonna win Michigan. I can see how she gets Wayne County, but I don't see how she's gonna get Oakland. I don't see how she's gonna get Macomb. I don't see how she's gonna get even these other areas. I mean, there's some liberal like cities and stuff, but I don't see how she's gonna win Michigan, yo. And I'm not on the electoral board, but from what I see driving around the last couple of months, nothing, but Trump signs everywhere. So it's gonna be interesting to see what happens in the next couple of weeks. If she wins it or not, I don't think she's gonna win Michigan. I just don't. Even people that I've spoken with, sometimes people will bring up politics on their own. And there's a lot of people that are rocking with Trump in Michigan. There's a lot. There are a lot of people that are rocking with Trump. So even including myself, I didn't give Donald Trump the 2016 vote. I didn't give it to Hillary, I gave it to Jill Stein, but I'm considering Trump. Like this is my first vote for Trump. I didn't vote for Biden either. I voted third party both times. So just getting care about politics for real. But from what I'm seeing now, she's losing momentum. She's losing momentum in the polls. People are starting to get to know her. They're starting to see that she's kind of fake and she's phony and they want the economy better. They want the economy like they had it when Trump was running. And there's so many other problems that they have caused with inflation, with the immigrants and the wars. People don't want this anymore. So she hasn't found a way to separate her way from Biden. She has not. She's constantly still running on continuation of what's going on. Bidenomics 2.0, right? Sensational. So I won't be surprised at all if on election day or the day after election day, if they call Michigan for Donald Trump, because if they do, I would say that makes sense. I understand everybody doesn't have to put up their political signs, but I've seen more Harrison Wall signs within the last month and a half, but there are overwhelmingly more Trump signs in Michigan. Just saying. I just wanted to leave that there. I wanted to share my thoughts. Didn't hear this particular segment, but I'm glad they are talking about Michigan because I can tell you about it. It's Trump City over here. It's Trump City over here. But let me know your thoughts. If you're from Michigan and you see this video, where are you from? From Michigan. I won't say exactly where I'm from, but I'm in the Macomb County area. And like I said, Macomb County is, I don't see a bunch of Harrison Wall signs out here. And plus I just seen Tampon Timmy came here last week heading over to Selfridge. But nobody that I know or even on Facebook was like, hey, I'm heading over to see Tampon Timmy. Like they don't really have momentum here. So let me get out of here. Let me know your thoughts. I'm like, like I say, after every video, this is chess, not checkers. I'm gonna see y'all at work two times.