 So Michigan, there's this Susquehanna poll that had Trump down, Harris up, five. And our buddies over at Real Clear Politics were saying we haven't seen a poll showing it that wide in Michigan for some time. There are others showing it much tighter than that. They only polled 400 voters and the margin of error is basically five. Was it registered voters or likely voters? I don't know if you know, say RV or LV. I don't have that. And let me tell the audience why that's important. It's LV. It's LV. It's like, like, that's more accurate. So registered voters is that you're just calling people on the voting roles. Likely voters are people that actually have the intent to vote. Now, I will say you try to merge the two in a Trump election because Trump tends to pull more from a registered voter pool of lower likely and low propensity voters. But like it could be an outlier or I don't think it's true. Michigan is very, very hard to determine. But we are seeing though, and this is legit. This is what's happening in Detroit, Atlanta and Philadelphia. Black voters are not turning out in big numbers right now. It's happening in every major black city. Therefore, they have to do better in the Democrats. You have to do better in the rules. They have to do better in small towns and they have to do better in the suburbs. So Michigan, I'm not going to make any proclamations. There are predictions. It's still too early. We're still processing a lot of the data. It's a very, very crooked state on how they do elections. They're very, very crooked. But as it stands right now, there is a surge. And let me tell what's happening in Michigan. Donald Trump is doing very well with people in the auto industry because of his pledge to get rid of the electric vehicle mandate and do not underestimate the power of how Donald Trump is going to win the Arab Muslim vote. Let me say it again. There's a poll that suggests this. You go on the ground there. I was just meeting with some Arab Muslim leaders recently. They are so upset with Kamala Harris and just culturally, they have a tough time voting for a woman. I'm not on that page as they are, but I'm just giving you the journalistic analysis. You talk to rank and file in the Muslim community. They do not believe that women should serve in political leadership largely. So that is something that they have to overcome. That's hard as it is. And thirdly, and I think it's really important to mention, is that in Michigan, there are sizable college campuses and they are not doing as well at Ann Arbor or East Lansing. They're just not. On the two major university campuses, young men are the most conservative they've been in 50 years. We've been organizing on these campuses. We've been getting these young people out to vote. And we're going to lose by less on a lot of these campuses and try to keep Kamala Harris under 20 points. If she's under a 20 point margin with younger voters, there's almost no path for her to become president. Okay. So what are you and just FYI Politico did a pair of articles saying that the suburbs, that's the whole deal for her that the pointing out the latest Wall Street Journal poll found Harris leading among suburban voters by seven percentage points. A Reuters Ipsos analysis showed the vice president winning suburban households by six points. So for sure they are looking at the suburbs very, very hard. And they also had a piece out yesterday saying across battlegrounds, there's a 10 point gender gap in the early voting. So far, women account for roughly 55% of the early vote. Men just around 45%, according to a political analysis of early vote data in several key states. And in the implications for next week's election, results are unclear among registered Republicans. Women are voting early more than men too. So that's, you know, one would presume that those people would be voting for Trump, but you never know, given his problems with women. So how do we factor that in 10 point gender gap in favor of women? However, you know, look, what we just discussed about what's happening in Nevada and what's happening in North Carolina, just because there's a gender gap doesn't mean we can assume all the women are going for Kamala. There are a lot of Republican women who are going to vote Trump. For sure. So this is Kamala's best hope is that this gap is continuing. But let me try to sober up the Kamala people out there. Number one, women do vote earlier than men. Just the same reason why women in class turn their homework on time before men. Men tend to be a little bit, let's just say, later to the party on such things. It's just true. Honestly, it's any teacher will tell you that the women in the class are far more dutiful and responsible with those sorts of things. Number two, that gap will close. The election, the electoral will become redder and more masculine as we get closer to election day. Number three, though, is that it's not predominantly younger women. As we see this in the data in Arizona, at least, it's a lot of older women which tend to be far more Republican than Democrat, which is very important. But in order for Kamala to win, that disparity needs to hold. That kind of margin of the battle of the sexes, women need to do far better with turnout and far better with support. Don't take my word for it. When Kamala Harris was getting a beer with Gretchen Whitmer caught on a hot mic, she's like, we got to do better with men. We have to do better with men. You wonder why men are rejecting you. Men want to be part of a political movement that does not hate their existence. They want to be part of something that does not believe that they're a problem simply for breathing. Look, if men will rise up in the next six days, Donald Trump is going to win. It's that simple. Women will vote at the same level. They probably won't. Usually women vote four or five points more than men. That gap can be closed. However, that is Kamala Harris' big play. Run up the score in the suburbs if you can because right now that urban corridor is not manifesting. They're used to that kind of very heavy, very significant black population and inner city vote that is not turning out. So they have to do well with the suburbs and hope that there is a surge of a female girl power that will put Kamala Harris in the White House. Okay. What about Pennsylvania? Because there's a report about 10 days ago about how there was Democrat infighting there. They were blaming some of the get out the vote, you know, poor returns or poor efforts on one young woman who is supposed to be running the effort. But the polls show Pennsylvania is still tight. I mean, it's not like Donald Trump is running away with it there. So what do you know about Pennsylvania? Yeah. So these numbers are going to be a little outdated, but there are approximations. So typically here's how it works in Pennsylvania. Early voting is almost only embraced by Democrats. Traditionally in Pennsylvania, it's a of all the swing states, the state that just resist early voting the most. It's Pennsylvania. They are a same day election day culture. You ask anybody in Pennsylvania, they say we go and vote on election day and the Democrats have embraced mail-in voting. So in 2020, when Donald Trump fell 80,000 votes short, the Democrats build what is called a blue firewall. In 2020, they built a 1.1 million vote blue firewall. So that is all early votes leading up until election day. OK, so they had a 1.1 built in blue firewall. The firewall as of today is about 384,000 votes. Again, that could be off because these numbers are constantly changing as votes are being dumped. So it's basically a 700,000 vote decrease of the blue firewall. So Donald Trump, therefore, has to overcome 700,000 less votes on election day than he did in 2020. That is very doable. That is very achievable, obviously. So so Democrats are now in a place where they only built an advantage that is 384,000 votes. Now, Pennsylvania counts their votes differently in Arizona. They don't pre-canvas. So on election night, we're actually going to know really well Donald Trump's chances because all the election day votes get counted first. And then, as you know, it takes some days to count the mail in votes in Pennsylvania, which is going to be this population that favors Democrats by about 384,000 votes. So if Donald again, I haven't done the exact math, but here's here's the essence of it. If Pennsylvania has massive and record election day turnout, that is awesome news for Donald Trump. It's that simple. If Pennsylvania just roars and has unbelievable turnout, especially in places like Allentown and, of course, Butler and Erie and in the rural and the surrounding areas of Lancaster and in Bucks County. And I think Donald Trump, I'm going to call it right now. I think Donald Trump might win Scranton. I know that is which I believe is it's not it's another fun word. It's like Susquon or something or county, not that, but it's something else. It's like a want to county or something. I think he might actually win that county. So Pennsylvania is in a far worse position for the Democrats this cycle than it was in 2020. And Donald Trump only fell 80000 votes short back then. If you're feeling tired of the same old coffee from the big mega corporations pushing their woke agendas, listen up. It's time to take a stand and to support a brand that truly embodies American values. Blackout coffee. They stand with hardworking Americans who believe in family, faith and freedom. And they roast some of the most incredible coffee you will ever taste using only premium grade beans roasted and shipped to you within 48 hours. And for the cold brew fans, Blackout Coffee is excited to announce the launch of their two new ready to drink cold brew coffee latte options. Don't settle for less. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee. Head over to blackoutcoffee.com slash MK or use the code MK for 20 percent off your first order. That's blackoutcoffee.com slash MK. The code is MK. Join the movement. Taste the difference. Remember, with every sip, you are supporting a brand that stands for America. Be awake, not woke. Thanks so much for watching. If you like what you just saw, hit the subscribe button for more clips and full episodes.