 The mayor of Hamtramck, this is a city of 30,000 people that's totally surrounded by Detroit. The mayor is a Muslim mayor, it's an all-Muslim city council, he's a lifelong Democrat, he just endorsed Donald Trump. I was walking around Hamtramck, there's an auto dealer there, a Bangladeshi guy, he's flying his vote for Trump thing. And that's not just because of Israel, they're the state party, like Governor Gretchen Whitmer, the Attorney General, Dana Nessel, they came and chastised the local government for not flying a pride flag on their city flag poles. Welcome to The DeBrief, where we talk with the Washington Examiner's top journalists about the headlines they're covering and where the story's going next. I'm Sarah Budford and I'm here with senior columnist Tim Carney. Tim, Michigan, is coming into focus as one of those top handful of states that everyone's focused on, 15 electoral votes, you were just there. What is your sense of Kamala Harris's prospects in Michigan? Well the poll average is showing her basically slightly ahead, it's basically a tie, I would say it comes out to 48-47, she's slightly leading, but one of the big issues, and this is some of the reporting I did, is there's a possible huge loss of the Muslim vote, Democrats rely on that. I mean, I think they got somewhere between 65 and 80 percent, depending on different counts of the Muslim vote in Michigan, which was somewhere between 100,000 and 150,000 votes. So if it's any tighter with the rest of the state than it was last year, if a lot of the Muslim vote stays home this time, that could end up flipping the race to Trump. And the reason they might stay home is, well a variety of reasons, but primarily Israel. Is the risk there that any of the significant chunk of that Muslim population will actually vote for Trump, or is the risk more that they just won't show up? It's both. I think you will see a significant number not show up, that's what I found in interviewing voters, that's what other pollsters are finding. And then a smaller number actually coming out and switching to Trump. The mayor of Hamtramck, this is a city of 30,000 people, that's totally surrounded by Detroit. The mayor is a Muslim mayor, it's an all Muslim city council, he's a lifelong Democrat, he just endorsed Donald Trump. I was walking around Hamtramck, there's an auto dealer there, a Bangladeshi guy, he's flying his vote for Trump thing. And that's not just because of Israel, they're the state party, like Governor Gretchen Whitmer, the Attorney General Dana Nessel, they came and chastised the local government for not flying a pride flag on their city flag poles. And so there's this real sort of anger at the Democratic party, and that is pushing some of the Muslim voters over to Trump. So you think, and this was kind of sort of a pipe wish of Republicans for I guess a few years now, maybe there's some common cause between conservatives and Muslims who aren't typically viewed as conservatives on culture issues. Well absolutely, I mean you walk around Dearborn, you walk around Hamtramck and you see a very religious population that doesn't like gay marriage, doesn't believe in the transgender belief system that men become women by identifying as women. That has sort of always been bracketed because there is, well Yemen is the place where most of the people in Hamtramck come from, and that was on Trump's list of on his travel ban, what he called his Muslim ban when he came into office seven years ago. And so they had long been Democrats. But the main thing pushing Muslim voters in Michigan away from the Democrats is the Biden administration's very close alliance with Israel while Israel is fighting bombing Gaza and now going after Lebanon because of the terrorist groups in both of those places. And so that's driven a lot of, that's the main thing, but I think the second thing really is the cultural issues that conservatives had been hoping would bubble up. I think it was James Carville who said the three blue wall states, Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania are probably all going to go one way. They'll either all be Harris or they'll all be Trump. Is it your sense that they are going to fall as a group or do you think that potentially Trump could pick off one or two and just narrowly shut out Harris? Well, I mean, I definitely think in a super close race, those three could go two different ways. If it's a blowout, they'll all go one way or another. And we say that because Trump won all three and then lost all three. But certainly in a closer race, you could see Trump carrying Pennsylvania but losing Michigan. But again, if the Democrats are going to lose a significant portion of their Muslim base, then you could see the polls moving because they have specific to Michigan right. Specific to Michigan in a way that it doesn't exist in Pennsylvania. Well, Tim, thanks so much for being here today. You can get more writing from Tim and the rest of the commentary team, the Washington Examiner dot com. Thanks for watching.