 I think this election was probably the most important election in my lifetime because I think democracy is under threat. I think our rights are under threat. And so if you're not going to vote in this election and in the future you're not happy how things are, that was your chance to say where you stand. I think it's important to vote because there are so many fundamental rights that's at stake this election. If we really want a democracy that works for everybody, then everybody's got to get out and have their voice heard. Since the insurrection on January 6th, I feel like a lot of our institutions are in danger. A lot of our democratic norms are in danger. Well for me, I have three daughters. The biggest thing is a woman's right to choose. I believe that my daughter should absolutely have a right to choose what happens with their bodies. And I think it's important to approach this without having like tunnel vision and just thinking about how this impacts myself. But think about the people that's around you. Think about people that you don't even know, that you haven't even met. How things that get passed in the office and bills and policies and stuff may impact their life. If we have another four years of Trump, it'll just be chaos and division and will be far worse off in four years than we are even today. For me, it's a lot of my personal freedoms. I know it sounds like very repetitive to say, but reproductive freedoms as somebody who identifies on the LGBT spectrum. I also do feel like I want to be protected and as well as my fellow sisters and brothers within the community. Women's rights, reproductive rights, that's like really important to me as a young woman. I want to ensure that I have like the proper access to health care. You know, I get that, that people are sick and tired of all the politics in the division. But there's only one candidate that's really trying to unite the country versus the one that's trying to divide the country. So it's really it's a really easy choice of unite the country, vote for Kamala and let's move forward together. It should just be common sense to allow people to make decisions about their own body. Like this is my body. We do not share. You know what I'm saying? Like we do not share a body. This is mine and I'm in control of this and I feel like I should be allowed to make those decisions. So that's like one of the most driving forces behind me really getting out here and supporting Kamala Harris, the selection.