 How one Michigan County helped tear down public trust in U.S. election results. This election is election on steroids. But first, the view from Detroit, why black voters could hand this swing state to Donald Trump. People have been inundated with lies that Donald Trump is the bookie name. The economy was not bad when Donald Trump was president. But opinions are varied and they can change. Once upon a time I was for Trump, but he's just gotten out of control. I focus on people in Detroit's African-American community to ask if Trump's pitch for their support is working. The God who is my team and that tool protected Donald Trump because he — When Pastor Lorenzo Sewell gave his electrifying speech at the Republican National Convention this summer. President Trump came to a church that is in a Democratic stronghold. He wasn't just speaking to the party faithful in Milwaukee. He came to a church to listen to average, everyday Americans like you and like me. He was also sending a message to his home city of Detroit. Simply put, Donald Trump is the best choice for African-Americans. After all, Trump came to Sewell's church in the city's west side, what the pastor describes as the hood. People said Trump, Trump. I got a little nervous because they don't shout Jesus like that. It's called Church 180, the name symbolizing its mission to turn lives around and maybe presidential campaigns too. If you go beyond this church, if we walk down the street, what would people be saying about Donald Trump? Well, people have been inundated with lies that Donald Trump is the boogeyman. People have been inundated with false truths that he's a threat to democracy. But he came to this church. And when President Donald Trump came to the church, he did what no Republican has ever done since I was born. So if you travel around this community and you ask people — I mean, with all due respect, he initiated a — like, I'm not — yeah, he initiated and kind of essentially cosigned a — I won't call it a coup because that gives it too much credit, but like a, you know, push attempt against the government. So because he showed up to a church, a predominantly black church, I don't think that changes that. But we're working with some narrow perspectives here. Did you know that President Trump actually came to a church in your community? You showed them that roundtable in the RNC speech. They're going to be encouraged. And they're going to say, wow, at least he came. Traditionally, African-American voters here in Detroit overwhelmingly support the Democratic candidate. So could Donald Trump actually be on the verge of a major breakthrough? Like so much else in politics ahead of election day, it depends on who you ask. Are you willing to say who you're going to vote for? Absolutely. I'm voting for Camilla. Same. We're all rooting for Camilla Harris right now. Once upon a time, I was for Trump, but he's just gotten out of control. I don't know if it's, you know, the age that I don't know. It's just not the things that he said doesn't add up. Yeah, the mud slinging and the, you know, the inflammatory rhetoric. I'm just not with that. It's just taking us from the real issues. Is there anything you think for you or your friends that might make you think about voting for Donald Trump? Donald Trump, you know, to be truthful, he's not a bad guy because he speaks up what's on his mind. But so, you know exactly where he's coming from, you know, but the economy was not bad when Donald Trump was president. He's right about that. I can't fault him for that. It's just that I can't get with the abortion thing. I can't. No, too many females in my family, you know, that are against that. Policies that may come out of one of the other candidates could be strikingly different, dramatically different. It's also just not, again, in no way supporting. The idea that the economy was better under Trump than Biden, it depends on what you're using as a measure of success. But the economy expanded 3.5% annually compared to Trump. Under Biden, 3.5% compared to Trump, 2.7%. But then you look at things like inflation. Inflation was always low under Trump, never exceeding 2.4% annually. But inflation surged under Biden, peaking at 9% to 2022. Obviously because of COVID. So it depends on how you're looking at it. But it's hard to judge certain aspects of the Biden economic fallout as it being because of Biden and not because of the fucking global pandemic. At the same time, there's elements of the expansion of the economy, right? That was happening after the retraction of the economy for about more than like 28 months during COVID. So yeah, it's a tough one to say one way or the other. For Canadians, it might. That political reporter Ken Coleman points out Trump isn't trying to win over the majority of black Michigan residents. He only needs a few. Donald Trump in 2016 won Michigan by 10,000 votes. And so I think the strategy is, as I talk to Trump supporters, even some of whom are African American, they know that most African Americans aren't going to vote for Donald Trump. He can sway five or 10,000 maybe in Detroit proper and Flint and Battle Creek, other urban areas, maybe five or 10,000 in each one of those cities. It might be just enough to win Michigan. April Anderson is a Harris loyalist. The vice president even visited her shop Good Cakes and Bakes leading up to the last election. Everyone will enthusiastically list all the reasons she and other African Americans should support Harris. And yet some of her own family are pro-Trump. You said you have seven relatives who are going to vote for Trump. Why? Again, they're young African Americans and they believe that Trump gave them money during the pandemic. They believe that and they believe that when he gets back in office he's going to do it again. When he gets back in office that the ones who vote with the stock market believes that the stock market is going to be better when he gets to the office. It's all financial gain is all they're looking at. Harris may have another problem. Despite the warm reception during her visits to Michigan, she could be facing an obstacle no campaign stop can overcome. There is a gender gap. There are African American men. Being complicit in a genocide, is that it? It might be. Here in Detroit and other spaces in our state who aren't really comfortable with a woman as president. There are some who aren't ready for an African American womanly president, U.S. president, let alone Detroit mayor. Unlike a lot of American major cities, we've never had a black woman as mayor. In a town that is largely Democratic and the biggest gender and ethnic group within that Democratic party base are black women. That's the irony. Just over two weeks to voting day, the race in Michigan is too close to call according to political analysts. But Pastor Sewell is eager to share his prediction. I believe that people are going to see Michigan turn red. I believe that people are going to see the silent majority. They're going to see black Americans make a decision to come off of the Democratic plantation. They're going to be free at last, free at last, thank God almighty. How could you possibly say that you are the silent majority when... No one is silent. And even if it was a silent group within a minority, they're not going to be the majority of that group. We will be free at last. We talked to some people who aren't happy with the status quo but also aren't comfortable voting for Donald Trump. If they don't vote at all, that lack of turnout could...