 Hi, everybody. I'm Brittany Lewis, a breaking news reporter here at Forbes. Joining me now is pollster Bob Ward of the firm Fabrizio Ward. Bob, thank you so much for joining me once again. Glad to be back, Brittany. You have a new poll hot off the press. The AARP has a poll out of Michigan showing some tight races. Former President Donald Trump, though, is beating Vice President Kamala Harris by two points in the general. What are some of your takeaways here? Yeah, so Michigan definitely is a battleground state. I mean, I think if you went back a month ago when the race was, you know, still Trump versus Biden, there were a lot of polls in early to mid July that had this race, you know, three, four, up to seven points in Trump's favor. Our survey, which is from last week, really shows that this is a battleground state. As you mentioned, Trump is ahead by a couple points, 45 to 43. In the multi candidate field, 8% of the voters are choosing a third party candidate, most of which would be Robert Kennedy. When we look at this race on a head to head basis, though, it's tied. It's 48, 48. We know that third party candidates are poll better than they perform. And we also know that younger voters are the ones who are more likely to choose those third party candidates. We also know that younger voters are a bit less motivated to vote. And so this race is probably pretty tight. I know other polls have Harris ahead a little bit. But this is this is a toss up. And it's going to be a very exciting road in Michigan from here to election day. This is definitely a toss up according to these numbers. But as you said at the beginning of the conversation, it wasn't so maybe a month ago, Donald Trump really had pulled ahead from President Biden. So what obviously the candidate has changed on the Democratic side in the past month. But whose fault is it? Do you think that Trump is now dead or Trump Trump's lead has shrunk a bit? Is it because of Trump or is it because voters are more excited about Kamala Harris than they were about Biden? Well, I think Trump's numbers have actually been pretty stable. I don't think his vote has really shifted a lot. And so what we've seen is more of a dynamic on the Democratic side with Harris becoming the nominee. You know, in this poll, we ask questions about how voters in Michigan view President Biden and how they view Vice President Harris, what kind of job approval they each have. And in both of those cases, Harris is in a much better position than Joe Biden. So the change of the candidate on the Democratic side, again, what was happening and what we saw in a lot of the other battleground states is that younger voters in particular were really down on Joe Biden. And that was hurting the overall performance of Biden in those states. Now Harris is doing a bit better. Younger voters are still a little less motivated. So we're not sure to what degree they're going to turn out in force. But we do know that they are supporting Harris more than they've supported Biden, particularly in June and July. If younger voters are less motivated, how important when it comes to Michigan are those older voters, those voters 50 and above? Oh, they're hugely important. I mean, that's who the campaign should be focusing on. First of all, there are a majority of the electorate. 55% of voters who are going to turn out in Michigan are going to be age 50 and older. And so you have to be and they are reliable. They will show up. So they're big. And you have to be talking about the issues that are important to them. And the economy is still the main issue that's hanging over this election year, personally economic issues, you know, inflation, you know, people on fixed income, like so, you know, on Social Security, inflation is a big deal. In this survey in Michigan, we look at seniors, those 65 and older, 70% tell us that Social Security makes up a major source of their income. And so that's a big deal. We've heard campaigns talk about Social Security. It was in the debate between Trump and Biden at the end of June. I am sure you're going to hear them talk about it at the debate on September 10th. But it's a big issue. And it is one of those issues where bipartisanship, I mean, it's not one side has an advantage over the other. Republicans want candidates to talk about protecting Social Security as much as Democrats do. And so I think the candidate, the campaigns that get out there and talk about it are the ones that, you know, can really make a difference in winning over that older vote. Can you talk about how gender plays a role here and who people support? Because as we know, now the Democratic nominee is Vice President Kamala Harris. She's a woman. Are more women now interested or leaning toward voting for Kamala Harris? What does that look like? There's a very crisp gender gap in Michigan. And that means that women are supporting Kamala Harris by double digits. But on the other side, men are supporting Donald Trump by double digits. So if we look, Harris is ahead by 13 points among women. Trump is ahead by 20 points among men. So there is, you know, that's a net 33 point gender gap between them. That's significant. There has been a gender gap in a lot of these states. And I'm sure the gender gap pre-existed Harris joining the top of the Democratic ticket. But there's no question that she's got a lot of support from women in this state. You know, 51 percent, a clear majority of women are supporting her. And that gender gap persists in the Senate race as well. OK. And you do have a woman. So there's an open seat in Michigan. Debbie Stabenow is not running for reelection. And the primary just happened in Michigan. We went in the field the day after the primary. Alyssa Slotkin, a congresswoman, is the Democratic nominee. And Mike Rogers, a congressman, is the Republican nominee. And in that race, we see a three point edge for Slotkin. But there's also a gender gap. So Slotkin's up 16 points among women, where Rogers is up 11 points among men. So Michigan is producing a pretty significant gender gap here. It's also producing a ticket split, if I heard you correctly there, because Donald Trump is up two points. Alyssa Slotkin, she's the Democrat. She's up by three. So can you talk about how prevalent ticket splitting is in Michigan and why you're seeing that? Absolutely. So Michigan doesn't register by party. And so we ask voters how do they self identify themselves? Do you feel like you're Republican or Democrat? And we have a really big swath of independent voters in Michigan. 35 percent of our sample identify as either independent or unaffiliated. And the presidential races. Those who identify as Republican or Democrats are pretty well consolidated behind their party's candidates. And what you're seeing is a pretty big difference among that independent voter. So in the presidential race, for example, Harris has got a two point edge over Trump among independents, 39 to 37. A lot of those independents are flirting with voting for third party candidates, 17 percent of them and a bunch still undecided. If you look at the Senate race here, Slotkin is winning by 15 points among independents. She's at 50 percent to Rogers, 35 percent. So in that middle of the electorate, there absolutely is a lot of ticket splitting going on. And we're seeing this among older voters as well. Those who are going to absolutely show up. We have two presidential ballots in this survey. We've got a generic congressional ballot. We've got the Senate race. So four times people can choose whether they're voting Republican or Democrat. And you look at straight ticket Republican voters, set those aside and straight ticket Democrat voters set those aside. 16 percent of older voters are jumping around. You know, they may be undecided here or a third party candidate or voting for a Republican and then a Democrat. That's a lot of older voters who are in play. Do you see this? Is this common in other battleground states, this swath of people that are jumping around and still thinking about jumping around two months out? Yeah, in fact, we have seen this. So if you look at the battleground states, Pennsylvania, Trump is ahead and it was it's closer now. But when we were calling Trump Biden, we saw Trump ahead. But also Democratic Senator Bob Casey was ahead in Arizona, you know, which had been favoring Trump for a while. It's now gotten closer. But Ruben Diego, the Democrat candidate for Senate, was ahead in Nevada. Same thing. Trump was ahead. Jackie Rosen, the Democratic senator, was ahead. Wisconsin, Tammy Baldwin, the Democratic senator, was ahead while Trump was ahead. So there actually is quite a bit of ticket splitting going on. I think it makes it fascinating. Now that the race is tightening, I think, you know, that that has closed up a bit. I think a lot of this was due to Biden's poor numbers, which was driving a lot of that ticket splitting. But here we can see that this is a very close presidential race, but there's still a good number of voters, you know, not quite lining up along party lines as we somehow have become a good expect in today's politics. It's no secret that this election is coming down to those key swing states. Michigan has 15 electoral votes up for grabs. It is a battleground state. Is Michigan a must win for the presidential candidates? So I don't think it's as big as a must win as, say, a state like Pennsylvania, which has, you know, a bit more electoral votes. But the blue wall of Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan, yeah, these are hugely important states. We've got a remade presidential election going on now that Harris is on top of the ticket. I mean, a month ago we were talking about a map expansion for Republicans. You know, we heard, you know, Minnesota and New Jersey were in play. Well, throw all that out. And now we're back to the battlegrounds being real battlegrounds. And we're looking at other states like is North Carolina in play. And so, you know, I think we, you know, it is an interesting state of affairs right now in the race in that it's tight, it's tightening. And with the Democratic Convention coming up next week, you know, where we stand come Labor Day might look a little different than where we're standing today. It's been about three weeks since Vice President Kamala Harris has been the top of the ticket. And I am curious as a pollster, because now that's there's been some time for that to be baked in, not that much, but it's not as big of a shock as it was three weeks ago. Have you had to throw out everything you knew about this election up until that point? Yes and no. So obviously, it was a massive change. And a lot of what was driving the story of the 2024 election was about Joe Biden. So I don't think things have changed considerably for Trump. He's had the numbers have been pretty stable. And he's gone through, you know, tumult as well with, you know, the attempted assassination. But his numbers actually have been pretty stable. And one of the things that remains true in this poll that we've seen in other polls, even when it was Trump versus Biden, is in a lot of these battleground states, Trump's job approval is retrospective job approval. It's been over 50 percent. And it's so that that has stayed. But, you know, we on the Democratic side, yes, you had to throw things out. You even had to throw things out about how people viewed Kamala Harris, because she is getting a completely new introduction to the electorate that didn't exist before. There's so many people now who have seen her on a much broader stage that those numbers had to be thrown out. So, yeah, it's a new race. And while it hasn't changed, like I said, you know, Michigan Trump was maybe ahead three to five points a month ago and now he's ahead two. You know, that little movement in a battleground state is a big deal. Whether or not these third parties actually materialize something is a big deal. And that chapter has not yet been written because the lot of these states have not finalized who's going to be on the ballot. So, yeah, it's a whole new race for sure. In this election, it feels like little movement in these battleground states is certainly seismic. But Bob Ward, thank you so much for coming back on per usual breaking down your numbers with us. I appreciate the conversation and hope you can join me again soon. Thanks for having me.