 One thing and this will be my last question for you Dave and I'll let you go what word of caution of course is about Michigan and her lack of Movement from Biden on the issue of Gaza. What are you hearing on the ground there? And is that a warning sign the Democrats need to heed because you know, I saw she met with Arab American leaders but no one from uncommitted these were people that already endorsed her and that's seems Ill-advised what's your position on that? Well, I haven't been to Michigan in a little while. So on the ground. I haven't seen it I did talk to people there after I wrote a story about the mayor of Hamtramck, which is a Muslim city that's surrounded by Detroit endorsing Trump the Trump strategy I could talk about the Trump strategy first the Trump strategy in Michigan with Arab voters is to say Through liaison actually Tiffany Trump's husband does some of this Hey This war wasn't happening when Trump was president Trump is strong Trump is going to figure this out. How will he figure it out? We won't tell you yet, but there was there wasn't a war before there is now vote for him and Not to go back over the last topic. We talked a lot and also on social issues Who's who's more who is more in line with your beliefs? Is it Trump who wants to ban gender identity? Thinking in the federal government or is it Democrats and they've made some inroads with that With Democrats yet that the Harris strategy for months has been to say that they're working for a ceasefire and to have these personal meetings with Arab American leaders the leaks that come out of the meetings are from the leaders and it has Among Democrats I've heard more more confidence that they're not going to be getting more votes Than they're getting right now in Michigan. There was polling by the Arab American Institute and James Ogbe that found It's basically 50 50 with Trump and Harris by their math If they did what they needed to do in Michigan the rest of the state if you replay 2020 But the Arab American vote was only 50 50. Well, then yeah Harris still win the state and so I'm not saying they've given up on the issue, but They do not see this as the determinative determinative will lose Michigan over this story a Problem they did a few months ago and the other tell there is Alyssa Slockin who's running for Senate. She's not doing that I mean, she's trying to keep good relations with every member of the Democratic coalition But she's also saying Iran is a gigantic threat I wouldn't call her a hawkish because she's not out there trying to start wars But she's not been certain trying to she's not backed down at all and support in supporting Israel She's not been critical of Netanyahu, etc and so I do think in the last few months as the war ground on and I as as people got more worried here because With that Trump outreach if you're a democratic activist who doesn't want Trump back and thinks he's going to crack down terribly on Muslims Yeah, that's your choice. So do you do you can what would happen if Trump wins, Michigan and part of the storyline is Blame for Arab Americans and Muslims for not voting for Harris The record of the Democratic Party is not that they say well, we're going to listen to you now Yes, it would be what if they turn out like I remember this the days after 2020 there was this immediate turn on Black Lives Matter activist to fund the for just the defund the police slogan existing. What if it was like that? What would happen if we get out of an election where Trump has won and the Democrats blame us for not supporting it enough? And then and baby Netanyahu gets what he wants They just really feel one that they're in an impossible position And there is a sense that the Harris campaign has gotten what it can from Arab American voters The worst things possible have already happened in Gaza. I don't know I was like laughing at laughing so I don't cry But I would say that but yeah, right every day There is more horror coming from Gaza and the war is not over and Biden has been ineffective in trying to get a ceasefire So I wouldn't say they're throwing their hands up. They're just saying we this is it we've got We're gonna maybe lose Dearborn and ham trammek. Where else can we win? That is that is more how I see Democrats talking about this I do want to get to the state to confirm that but that's my feel over the last week I just wish she would do what Pelosi's already been kind of floating this just criticize Netanyahu like I Understand the dynamics of still being in the administration and all of that But like God, I mean we know that she's in the ceremonial VP role It's just it's ridiculous to tie yourself to this to this President who you know clearly is is has lost Control of the situation frankly Biden has and so if she could just say like, you know She in that 60 minutes interview and this is really my last thing. I'll let you go Dave I know you have work to do but like in that 60 minutes interview She refused to say if Netanyahu was an ally she said that the Israeli people are whatever I've just feel like you could lean into that a little bit harder But I also think as is the theme with this campaign They are worried about a pack dumping a bunch of money in a button. She's hearing from Democrats down ballot. Don't rock the boat I don't want a pack spending in my race, etc. All that kind of thing I don't think it's great strategy, but that's probably what's what the dynamic is, right? I Think that's the dynamic and if you told the Democrat in October 2023 This war will still be going on into October 2024 They'd be pretty devastated and very worried about their ability to win their American voters It would clearly be a failure of the pie administration. I don't want to get you're trying to wrap up It's not too far field. No, no stupid. I mean, he's aware that it's great for him If he gets exactly what he wants in Israel He's basically doing a going out of business sale and and expanding the war across the Middle East and Democrats in America What are his options? Harris wins and is pissed off at him for doing this But he did it already or Trump wins and he's got a pliable ally in the White House Yes, he's in a great position. I Democrats are very aware of that too. So including some of the uncommitted activists There is no good option. Yeah, they just don't see and I would separate those uncommitted activists from from Gaza protesters Who just are done with the party? That's the thing Democrats think you're done. Okay, you're out of the coalition We're going to go for Republicans instead because there's nothing we can do to please you at this point It's in that Yahoo's hands and we know that he just wants Trump back. So he's not going to help us and And and yes, you're right to say that about uncommitted activists because they are being very Strategic in the sense that they haven't endorsed Harris. They're not going to unless she makes any concessions, which she's not going to and But they say you have to vote against Trump and don't vote third party. So it's an untenable position But that's how they're balancing it, too Yeah, that's that's basically it It's a tough topic to talk about because it's just The the factor that needs to change is the war that maybe maybe not Yahoo is waging There is nothing there's I'm not not saying there's nothing the administration can do What could the administration say we're doing an arm? We are stopping arms to Israel It could and that's what I'll be I'm not trying to defend Democrats in their position here Yeah, their idea is that the trade-off would be that Jewish voters who are more numerous in key states would Reject that or the Republicans they're trying to win over reject that if they do a hard cost benefit analysis on a whiteboard what would be worse for the party at arms embargo or Against Israel while continues the war or or just watching them Cells flail around as that now continues. They just think the second option which is humiliating and which is leading to death every day They just they think that plate that that that is electrically more efficient. I it feel weird I don't I don't like to talk like dr. Strange and open I'm talking. Yeah lies That is how it is playing out it is incompatible with electoral politics to be talking about this in this manner but it is relevant obviously in a real in some really important states and Relevant to the lives of the people who are affected by this and who may be disaffected from by the Democrats for a really long Time and you of course, I mean, what can you say to that? Yeah I don't know what to say. Yeah, right talking into a camera when I say don't know what to say, but really yeah Yeah, exactly. Well, Dave, it's always a pleasure to talk to you You're you know, one of the best reporters on the ground actually covering things I think you know, you're covering things phenomenally people should really read everything you write at semaphore And congrats on all the good work you guys are doing there. I really appreciate your time today. Thank you. I appreciate it Hey folks, don't forget to hit the subscribe button and check out our daily show We do it every day at 12 p.m. Eastern for about two and a half hours. We even take phone calls. You should check that out