 With the state's primary election just a few weeks away, we're learning how Michigan voters feel about the prospect of a Biden-Trump rematch. Thanks for being with us for the News at Six. I'm Kimberly Gill. I'm Devin Scigli and our new Local 4 Detroit News Polls show that by and large we still seem headed toward an election that very few Michiganders want. It is an unusual and historic twist that both Joe Biden and Donald Trump are basically asking voters to re-elect them. And it's not great news for either, but it's worse for the current president. Only 33 percent of Michiganders believe Donald Trump deserves to be returned to office. Sixty-two percent say someone else should be given a chance. If that sounds bad, only 17 percent believe Joe Biden deserves to be re-elected. That is the lowest re-elect number for a leading political official in modern Michigan history. I've never seen that number for an incumbent elected official running in Michigan. It's very unusual, but even more so when you look at independent voters, Joe Biden's re-elect is seven. Seven percent. Those should be raising massive red flags at the White House right now. The favorable rating for President Biden is at just 29 percent, almost 30 points lower than his unfavorable rating of 58 percent. When asked what in particular leads to their unfavorable opinion, the top answer, 19 percent say Joe Biden is too old. Another 10 percent mention his mental state. Donald Trump's high unfavorability rating runs close to 50 percent. When asked why, 12 percent say it's because he's a liar. Another 12 percent say he's a crook who should be in jail. That if these unpopular candidates are the candidates, right now Donald Trump has an eight point lead on Joe Biden in Michigan. But that's head to head. If you throw in third party candidates, Biden's numbers drop even further and Trump's lead moves to double digits. Donald Trump is going to get the number he gets. No matter what election he runs in, he seems to get a similar percentage in number. And so the more people who are on that ballot, the more it splinters the anti-Trump vote. Neither of the presidential front runners is nearly as popular in Michigan as the state's governor. For the first time, Gretchen Whitmer's approval rating has moved above 60 percent. That's a really high mark in a purple state like Michigan. In fact, even 40 percent of voters who lean Republican approve of the job Whitmer is doing. We're going to continue with our polls findings later on this evening, what voters think of the charges against Donald Trump and the impeachment proceedings in the House against Joe Biden coming up tonight on Local 4 News at 11.