 the election. So I say to everyone here what you know, generations of Americans before us fought for freedom. And now the baton is in our hands. Welcome back to Battleground. That was Kamal Harris in Michigan on Monday, joined by running mate Tim Walls for three events in the critical Battleground state. For more on where the race stands just one week before the election, I'm joined once again by Dan L and Lance. Is there one overriding issue that continues to dominate voter thinking in Michigan? The economy is definitely a big issue and not just for wages, but for jobs too. This is a state that's famous for its auto industry. But of course if you look at this data from the state of Michigan, you can see that there's a lot of economy inflation. A lot of that really attributable to Republicans. So really it depends on which party you're asking. Republicans more likely to say that look, we need a better economy. Debagrets say we're fine, but we need to get better wages for our voters. And you recently talked to a couple college students there at Michigan State in Lansing where you're at. On opposite sides of the election. Let's play a clip of that and then you can tell us a little bit more about what you heard. Take a look. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican. There are some secret issues like immigration. Immigrants are the backbone of this country. At some point we were all immigrants here. Some people are feeling replace. Okay what were some of your biggest takeaways from that really interesting conversation, Danny. The one thing that I got is that there is a willingness to work with the other side. I think this is a generation of voters that they want to record-breaking to say the least. Over 150,000 early voters over the weekend as early voting opened statewide. There have been some absentee ballots already registered and there were some counties that were allowing early voting. So right now just under 2 million people SC have already turned out to vote. That includes absentee ballots and early voters and overall it's about 1.9 million people. That's about 27 and a half percent of registered voters in the state. Well if there's any good news maybe after this election is over it's that there was a lot of voter enthusiasm and that's always a good sign of a healthy democracy. Danny Vay with Fox 47 Lansing Michigan thanks so much as always. Thank you for having us SSC appreciate it. Every morning you can have battleground news in your inbox just click on the QR code right here and go to our website to sign up. It'll keep you up to date with all the issues that are driving this election with analysis from me and our many contributors. And if you miss an episode that's okay. You can catch up on YouTube and on the USA Today streaming platform and on Zim. Up next we look for clues for what will decide the race here in Pennsylvania. Battleground we'll be right back. you