 All right guys, so we do have a little bit of a late night poll drop that just happened with Atlas Intel. Now we know Atlas Intel, when it comes to their popular vote, they were the most accurate in 2020. They were like 0.2 off overall. They had Biden like winning by point by 4.71 by 4.5 something along those lines. So they were the number one in terms of that. Well, now they've got the swing state polls as well. And you can see Trump leading in five of them with Harris leading in two. It is a little bit perplexing when you look at the actual numbers when it comes to this. And then also some of the Senate races are even more crazy. But I will be going through this and just talking about it. You do have North Carolina. I think many of us are surprised with the Harris up by around two and a half points in North Carolina. But even just comparing North Carolina to a state like Michigan, Trump up by three and a half in Michigan, but down by two and a half in North Carolina seems extremely unlikely to me. But these are just the polls. And of course, it's going to ebb and flow. We're a little bit over a month away. These aren't going to be obviously completely accurate, but just based on what we've normally seen, North Carolina should be a little bit more right. Michigan should be a little bit more left, although there have been a number of good Michigan polls. There was another poll that came out from New York Times. Michigan had it tied between Trump and Harris, which is a win for Trump. Anytime you get a poll within a point in Michigan or really any of the Rust Belt States, I would say it's probably a win for Trump. Georgia, it's got basically a tie Trump up half a point. Arizona, it has Trump up a point, which kind of surprised me as well. I figured, you know, Atlas Intel, they came up with a poll with just the overall popular vote being Trump, like plus two or plus three, I would have figured Arizona would have been more. But this is not an exact science, right? We know that Arizona, based off of the last seven or eight polls, is clearly a Trump lien. I think the Harris campaign knows it as well. We do have Nevada with it is another one that's a bit surprising. Harris sitting around plus three. Now, there have been a few more positive polls for Harris out of Nevada, although there was one big outlier that helped her average from Bloomberg, which I think is going to get the polls really wrong, especially underestimating Trump supporters. But Nevada, I think, still is around 50 50 kind of some weird results with both Nevada and North Carolina, not necessarily that she's leading them, but that it's around a three point lead. I really don't see that personally. I mean, if she's like one or point five, I could understand it. But we are still over a month before the election. We don't really want to sit here and oh, it's, you know, a two point eight percent lead versus a one percent. It's not that huge of a difference. You do have Wisconsin Trump up a point and a half. Again, the big surprise here out of all of these swing state polls, Trump has the biggest lead in Michigan, which you could argue based off of all the polling that we have. He, you know, all the polling says he probably has the lowest percent chance to win Michigan out of any of these states because the Pennsylvania polling, it's also got him up by three points in Pennsylvania. But around three and a half in Michigan, out of those three rust belt states, Michigan's been the hardest one in terms of the polls being the most liberal. Now, that doesn't mean that it's going to happen like that on election night. But it is a little bit surprising to see North Carolina Trump down two and a half. But leading in Michigan, another thing that's maybe even more surprising out of this is some of these Senate polls. Now, before I get into these these overall polls right here, I do want to say the there's a significant overestimation when it comes to how these liberal senators are going to do. Like, I've seen polls that have Rogers down by 13 or 14 in Michigan. That's absurd. That's not going to happen. Kerry Lake down by 13 to 16 in Arizona. That's she's not going to lose by that much. I'm not saying she's a great candidate. I know a lot of people are pissed off right now that the Republicans went with her, but she's not going to lose by 16. Like, like some of those are ridiculous. But obviously, Rogers being up by six, that is a huge difference. I don't think he's going to lose by 13. I saw one poll that him at 34%. I like it's an overestimation of many of these liberal senators in the rust belt. But you know, him being up by about six, that's a big outlier. I mean, when you look at it now, who knows? I mean, we really don't know. But it just it seems like that's a bit of an outlier. Kerry Lake being down by four. I don't think that's that crazy of an outlier. I know everyone says, well, Kerry Lake was losing by like 12. There was like two polls that had her down by like 12 and 16 or something. Every other poll has been within like seven. So I mean, I spare me on that. I don't think that's really an outlier. This is a very close race. You know, Rosen only being up one and a half. I mean, it's obvious Atlas Intel really likes the Republican senators in terms of their chances. Wisconsin one and a half points there. Pennsylvania two points. I've seen some good polls for McCormick. But then this past week I've seen a lot of bad polls for him as well. And then Robinson, I mean, you know, with it with the CNN thing just crippled his entire campaign. And that's a scary thing because we that was something from 14 years ago. And we don't know if it's actually true or not. But it's interesting how they just distribute that they smear him and now he's guaranteed to lose by like 13 points. And that's a big I mean, you know, losing by 16. I think he's, you know, it's gonna be closer than that. But that is when it does start to become a little bit of an issue for Trump when it gets that bad. Now, I don't think it's gonna impact it. But 16 is a big number. I don't think it's gonna be that bad. But 16 is a big number. And that is pretty crazy considering this is a more pro Republican poll. When you look at the Senate races, I don't know another poll that has Rogers leading, let alone up by five and a half. Lake down by four. That doesn't surprise me. But these races being close, you normally don't see them this close either. So that's not a great number. But these are definitely different numbers than what we've seen. And Atlas Intel, I mean, they've been accurate in terms of the popular vote. People will kind of regard them I guess is more conservative. It's like, dude, any poll that doesn't have liberals up by like five points, I feel like it's deemed conservative. Now it's amazing how it works. It's like any of the accurate polls are conservative. And that's really how it is. If you look at the average in terms of how they've graded, at least in the Trump era, I'm saying in 2016 and 2020, just because of how badly ABC News and Quinnipiac and New York Times and you got how bad all of these pollsters have have have pulled Trump and his supporters. But yeah, here you can see the Atlas Intel polls. There was also other polls. This is the New York Times. And I was I was confused. I thought this had these had already been released, but apparently they hadn't been. So this is this a good numbers for Trump. I thought it was tied. They have Trump down by one, but still within the margin that those are good numbers out of Michigan. You'll take that, especially considering how Trump's been polling. It's got Rogers down by five. Honestly, those are better numbers than I've seen with Rogers when it comes to the Senate race in Michigan. But I mean, the poll we just saw had Rogers up by six because I've never seen that anywhere. The second district in Nebraska doesn't look great for Trump right now. It's got him down by nine. And then so this is this is what people are talking about. And I agree. This is kind of the giveaway that this poll might be a little bit, you know, the sample might be a little bit liberal. There's no way Trump is winning Ohio by six points. And the thing that you'll get when they drop all these swing states, you'll start seeing like if you see a Florida plus three and Ohio plus six. I mean, there's just no way Ohio after Trump won it by by eight points in 2016 and 2020 would be more liberal in 2024. And then it also has brown up by four over Moreno. You know, I'm on record saying I think Moreno for sure is going to win Ohio. Even if Trump wins Ohio by six, it's not going to be that much of a difference to where Brown beats Moreno by four. But Trump wins by six. It's not going to happen. But there's no way Trump's winning by six. That would be a two point decrease from what he wanted in 2020 in terms of that state. I think Trump wins Ohio by around eight and a half to nine. The polls in Ohio are crazy when you look at them where they are now versus where they were in 2020. It's like Trump performing 11 points better. So I think he wins by about nine or 10. If that happens, there's no way Moreno is going to lose. But they keep doing this whole thing with Brown can hold it. He's the incumbent. I just don't think it's going to happen, especially with Trump there in the down ballot voting. Wisconsin Harris plus two. The Democrats bald went up by seven. That's that's pretty normal what we've seen with with with Wisconsin. But yeah, I mean, I don't think those are that bad in terms of the polls there. But yeah, this new these new polls that we got pretty surprising here. I mean, I guess we'll have to see how this develops. Harris up by Harris up by two and a half in Nevada and North Carolina. I mean, if you're Trump, you would take this. I mean, this is a Trump victory with like 290 electoral or maybe even more than that with a lot of electoral votes. But it's just the way it's done. If I were to predict this poll release, I would have said Trump probably have about two and a half to three in North Carolina and possibly down a few points in Michigan. And it's the opposite. And then on top of that, in the same release, the Senate races to me in comparison to what we've seen are very wonky. Now, again, a lot of these polls that have the liberals and all of these swing state Senate races, the incumbent liberals where they'll be up by like 14 or 15. That's an over exaggeration. That's not going to happen. But these are also pretty crazy outliers when you look at this. So this is an interesting update. And I did want to share. I mean, this is good news for Trump. It is good news for Trump. It's just the way the polls have kind of split based on what we've seen recently. It is a little bit surprising in terms of that. But yeah, that's the late nights of polling update. Either way, guys, that's gonna do it for this video. Make sure you follow me on X link to that's always in the description.