 6 Ray's here. And if you think President Trump's policies on the economy would be better for your family personally for sure A lot of my friends are obviously my age. So we're a little younger. We've only voted once you know for actually for a president and Trump is kind of all we know and they're kind of chomping Biden. They're like, well, we were broke with Biden We weren't with Trump what's going on everybody? Welcome back to the channel hope balls good wherever you are This is a hilarious video This is what happens when these leftist woke media people get out of their Leftist woke media a little bubble and go actually talk to real people. That's like when when you're Bill Maher or Oprah Spewing nonsense, but they're so disconnected from the average man and woman. Mr. Mrs. Middle-class America. This was great Let's check it out So as much as these undecided voters are unsure about the candidates, however Undefined their decision-making process appears to be you can see what issues are foremost in their minds in this critical swing County What is maybe just as interesting is what was not on the minds of those undecided voters? Issues that have received a ton of media attention in this state and in this election Issues like abortion access and Donald Trump's lawlessness covered exhaustively by the national news media Those were not the kinds of things these undecided voters Does anybody have any idea about what's happening in the federal courts relating to Donald Trump's The January 6 event and what's going on there with Trump? Wait, let's just let me I'm sorry to keep going back to you But so like you haven't talked to me about your level of interest in the criminal charges and so forth February 6 January 6 So I remember that day I know he was the standing president I'm not familiar with the charges that are being brought against him for that I don't I'm not following that charge for the there's multiple court cases going on. I'm just not familiar with it I mean that doesn't sound like it's gonna be a factor in deciding who to vote for No, okay. So when I when I say January 6, what do you think? Oh, I just remember seeing it on the news like all the riots and stuff don't really know what it was about or what happened though Did it I mean, how did it make you feel when you saw it? I don't know. I don't really feel any way about it I don't I mean people showed their emotion. I guess probably in the wrong way, but Happened who here has been following the decisions from the Supreme Court raise your hands. Yeah Okay, I'm seeing like only a handful who here knows what the Dobbs decision is One person, okay, that's super interesting What about abortion That you think I think it's the woman's right? Yeah, nobody should be able to dictate that at all And what do you think of Trump's position on abortion? Yeah, he wants to control that yeah As any business even talking about what about abortion Productive choice is that something that you guys think about is something that concerns you I think each side is a little too crazy They meet in the middle. What do you mean? I think they go one too much. See it one way and then too much the other way So you think Democrats are too open-ended on abortion and Republicans are too restrictive. Yeah What about you something you think about same as her? I think there's one that we're out there Something you think about I don't you don't have to Well, I don't really have an opinion on it. I haven't Looked into it even thought about it really It is a stunning reminder that stories the national media covers Intensely stories which certainly matter to a considerable number of Americans in general But those stories are not necessarily the deciding factors for these elusive undecided voters Especially undecided voters don't get their news from traditional media and who may not even be particularly interested in current events in general For those voters what matters most what may ultimately determine their vote this year are the conversations They have within their community in this case that means fellow members of their union of local 85 And especially those members who have made up their minds and who understand the stakes of the 2024 election How are these leftoids still on January 6th? What kills me is that we've had two people that tried to take out president Trump and you never hear about this, right? The left will not talk about it. We had the vice presidential debate We had the presidential debate with Trump and Harris not once was this mentioned and this is by design Okay, this is this is the mainstream media moving in lockstep together. That's why it's not mentioned. This is social engineering They're gonna act like this never happened But yet if something is convenient for them such as January 6th, they will keep talking about this issue But the economy is so bad and the border is a big problem with people illegally coming into the country We don't know who these people are The average middle-class American doesn't care about January 6th they want to know where their dollars gonna go further and Kamala Harris is quote-unquote opportunity economy. Nobody knows what that is She doesn't do interviews people want to know what's gonna happen because the price of gas and food Pick something everything is up 10 to 50 percent more than it was when Trump was in office That's what people want to know. How are you going to help me? How is your plan going to help me the price of homes right now George Orwell's? 1984 was a quote in the book except an endless present in which the party is always right right now We have what happened Hurricane Helen Kamala Harris is out there telling people we're gonna maybe give you $750 When you've lost everything is not gonna do squat for you But yet they're sending another was a 24 billion dollars to the Ukraine. These people will do not care about us They don't care about you. They don't care about me They care about not a buddy but themselves and this is why they push these narratives and always go back to stuff like January's things Or Trump is like Hitler one You should never make that comparison because if history Hitler was a horrible human being and we know what Trump was like in office We had the guy there and we know what it's like with Kamala in office. She was there This is one of the two elections in history that you have a track record of both people and the fact that a matter is Everything was better. Why do you like the guy or not? Even if you don't like him vote on the policies vote on where you want America to be in five ten fifteen twenty years I'll vote for somebody just because she's a woman. She's not gonna get better for you. Let's get back to the video here Is voting for the first time? Is this anybody's first election You guys back here. What's sort of made its way across your radar any any stories or issues or positions? Mostly just immigration Can you talk a little bit more about that? What what about immigration is have you been paying attention to? There are thousands and thousands of illegal immigrants coming across the border every day and the vice president has done minimal work to fix that Based on what I've seen so I'd like that to change. Do you feel like Donald Trump's gonna be better on that issue? Based on what we've seen on his first four years. I do believe that he will be better on that Do you are you leaning towards Trump right now? Yes, ma'am Is there anything that vice president Harris could do at this point to change your mind? Not particularly no unless she changes her stance completely on fixing the border That's no this is your first election. Yeah, and have you been paying attention to stuff? Some things but as of right now, it's kind of hard to know what is true and what's false As far as both parties are concerned like what issue matters to you the most Definitely are issues concerning democracy and what was discussed before the border. What about immigration concerns you the influx in illegal immigration is affecting a lot more than just the people but our Economy we're losing jobs For the people who live here People are you know running out of work and in return it's making life as a whole for the country harder Do you feel like one candidate where the other is better on that issue? Like I don't know what to believe from what I'm seeing from Multiple news outlets and what comes across my newsfeed and whatnot. So I don't I'm not super opinionated either way How do you think you're gonna ultimately decide? I know we talked to one gentleman who said I think I'm just gonna kind of go with my heart on election day As the election comes a little closer I think the more I see and the more truth ends up coming out. I'll be able to make a more educated Everybody's always talking about how the polls are so close right now I think some of these polls are manufactured because I don't see how it could be close maybe at the beginning when Kamala was first introduced and she was the Party of joy or the party of the vibe at the end of the day You need your dollars to go further for you for your family And like I said, even if you don't like Donald Trump He is the better option vote for where you want the country to be in five ten fifteen twenty years Hope you all enjoyed this video If you did smash that thumbs up button consider subscribing to the channel help it grow catch you all in the next video Peace out everybody