 But ladies and gentlemen, we've got another brand new update and Donald Trump has reached an absolute climax. Figuratively. Okay. Donald Trump down by 0.2 in terms of the overall popular vote numbers. Look at this lead for Kamala Harris. You can see it down here. Look at all of this blue. It's collapsed. It's completely collapsed. Harris was up by two. And even if she was up by two on election night in terms of the popular vote, I'd still feel confident about Trump, but it's not that. Now we're seeing Trump basically tie Harris in terms of the overall popular vote. This is what everyone is talking about. We got the wall street journal last night. It was a Trump plus three. You've get CNBC this morning. Trump plus two, you've got Forbes, Harris X. These are not Republican pollsters. Trump sitting plus two. Rasmussen. You can argue is more Republican, but they underestimated Trump in 2020 the compost with the Harris plus four to try and prompt her up. You've got the TIPP, which has been terrible. I mean, why are they including a tracking poll into this? It's, if TIPP, you know, they're going to release another poll tomorrow, I would imagine it could be for all we know Trump plus one. And then Trump would be ahead in this, by the way, if the TIPP updated tomorrow with a Trump plus one Reuters, but you've got all of these Harvard Harris is going to probably be releasing a new poll. Fox news will as well. Maybe Alice Intel will release one final poll, but they've been very consistent with their Trump plus three. You, I mean, USA today, Harris plus one Emerson Harris plus one, they've got all the States very, very close, but the big thing we're tracking right now real clear politics average. It's unheard of. I mean, look at this day in 2020, the last two Trump election cycles, Biden was up by eight, Biden was up by eight and Hillary was up by five and a half. And now it's basically tied and you have the last four polls. It's not even a plus one plus three plus two plus two plus three. So these leads are looking very, very nice for Donald Trump. When you look at some of these recent polls, and again, you don't, obviously, you do not have to win the popular vote. Trump can lose the popular vote by one point and still very easily probably have a 95% chance to win the election. He can lose it by two points and probably still win three points. It becomes debatable because there are other shifts happening within States. I'm not going to get into that, but the point is if it's like this on election night, if this is right, Harris plus point to remember the polls have underestimated Trump severely. The last two election cycles, the liberal cope is well, now they're over correcting and overestimating Trump when, I mean, we've got no factual basis of that. You've got Gallup and they're very accurate party ID admitting Trump is, or Republicans are sitting plus two plus three in terms of the overall ID for this election. They're basically saying Republicans are going to win the popular vote by around two to three. Couple that with Atlas Intel, the most accurate pollster of 2020 and 2022 saying Trump is up by around three. Their last three polls over the past three months, they've said Trump is up by three. The attacks are crazy against Trump right now. They are throwing the kitchen sink and more at him. It's not working and you have the terrible Kamala Harris town hall last night. It's probably not going to affect anything, but you'll look at these numbers and this really is an absolute high for Donald Trump. Uh, as we know it and it is pretty remarkable. This is the TIPP daily tracking poll. This is what I was talking about. So look at their last five polls. They do this every single day. Trump plus two, Trump plus one tie, Harris plus two, Harris plus three. This will, there'll be a correction on this tomorrow, but the daily tracking, you can't do that. You have to take an average. You know, when you daily track a poll, you're going to get different, erroneous results. That's a five day window. The poll has shifted by five points this late in the cycle. It's not good polling. Um, you know, so I would say that they'll do it again tomorrow and I would be shocked if it was a Harris plus four or a plus three. It's probably going to come back down and that's when Trump is probably going to take the lead in terms of the real car politics, overall average in terms of that you have the current Pennsylvania Democrat, male and lead is down to around 366,000 in 2020. It was 1.1 million. That is a decrease. My goodness, man, we knew Republicans were going to turn out in terms of the early vote, but this is, this is more than we expected. I mean, this, these are really, really crazy numbers. Final polls from Morris. They've been terrible this cycle, but even they have to admit and say North Carolina Trump leads by two and Arizona Trump's up by one. They call Georgia a tie. That's total crap. Trump is up in all the polls in Georgia, Morris over samples, liberals, remember their poll that they had Harris plus five. They oversampled Democrats by seven, but even they say Trump is winning North Carolina and Arizona right now, Trump's like an 80% chance to win Arizona. According to experts, Georgia is like 78 North Carolina is at like 75. So, so and you win these three states, you'll need one more after that. Um, so, so these are really good numbers in terms of those three states. We'll take that, especially considering the, um, the way Morris just pulled the cycle. You've also got this. The entire world will be shocked by the next round of Virginia poll results. Wow. We could be getting polls in Virginia that Trump leads in Virginia. Really? This is the type of stuff we're talking about. You know what? I wonder if the night if Virginia has moved at all, Virginia is sitting at an 84, 84 to 18 right now. So it is over a hundred percent, but yeah, Trump's got around an 18%. I wonder if this will move based off of the rumors that maybe there is some really positive polling. I'll tell you this much. If Trump, if there's a poll that's solid that comes out, that Trump's up by one or two in Virginia, this will move significantly. This will move down to like a Harris, maybe a little, like a 70% chance to in Virginia. Maybe we get two or three polls. It's going to move down even further to maybe a toss up. You could get Virginia on election night being like a 60, 40 Denline. If we get some more positive polls out of Virginia, um, there, Trump did go down to like 60%. Now he's back up to 62. It ebbs and flows. People react to it. It's like, I tell people, calm down. When it comes to Polly market, it's going to ebb and flow. There will be people betting on Harris. They think she's good value right now. That's fine. It's going to happen. Um, but overall, Trump is still the overwhelming favorite in a lot of these States in Georgia, in North Carolina, Arizona, Trump at 71, Nevada, Trump, and now it's up at 63 Michigan and Wisconsin have kind of hovered. They've kind of gone back down a little bit, but Trump's still the slight favorite there. And then Pennsylvania Trump at 57. So the rust belts kind of gone back down slightly, but it's still a very slight Trump lead in terms of those States. But overall, man, I mean, you take a look at this, not these national numbers right now, Trump is on the verge of flipping. And it's, it's just more of a ceremonial thing. Like whether Harris is up by point two or Trump's up by point two, it's not that it matters too much, but it's just a funny thing to see Trump flip this based off of how much he lost in terms of pretty much every poll in 2020, all the polls in 2016, compared to where we are now in 2024, they bring Harrison the fake charade. They her approval rating goes up by 15 points. She doesn't even do anything. And now people are seeing through it and her approval rating is decreasing. And now Gallup, the most respected pollster, they're saying Trump's actually more favorable and more likes than Harris. Harris is very unlikable. Now Vance is more like than walls because people think walls is, is, is just, he's the weirdo now walls. Um, and Vance just comes off so professional and it's like, well, if something happened to Trump, who would you trust? If something happened to the president, whether it's Trump or Harris walls, I mean, I think walls was such a catastrophically bad pick for them. I know it's just a VP, but it's just like there's no way that dude could lead the country. That's ridiculous. And you're picking him over a guy like Josh Shapiro. People are saying maybe Shapiro didn't want to do it. I don't know, but that's just a crazy pick. Um, but even, and there's also other things that Israel Palestine conflict involved with that. And I don't know, I don't know what to what degree, but that's just the speculation. Um, but right now I would, I will say Donald Trump is in an amazing spot and we saw really, you could say, well, Trump was leading Harris when Biden withdrew, but this was before Harris really started campaigning and finding her footing. When she found her footing, she went up by like 1.8, 1.9, and she maintained it. Um, and now it's been completely cut to where it looks like Trump's on the verge of flipping it at this point, uh, which is pretty remarkable. And it's all of these polls. I mean, you had CNBC, you had CBS, or I guess CBS still has a Harris plus three, but like NBC, all these different pollsters they originally had. And I think some of these are not even in the aggregate yet. Yahoo is probably going to release a new poll. I would guess, um, Pew research might release a new poll. See, they put data for progress. That's it's not a good poster. Uh, New York times is, is the New York times pool in here. I'm guessing New York times will probably release a final poll as well. Uh, there is an Emerson poll in here. I believe. Yeah. Emerson still has Harris plus one. They've had Harris plus one for a while. Now CNN has not pulled in a while. I don't know what that's about, but they just haven't pulled recently. Um, but New York post also has not pulled in a while. They had a Harris plus four, but either way, again, these numbers look amazing. You're looking at even the Senate races like Ohio, the Ohio Senate race is a clear Moreno lean. Uh, even the Pennsylvania Senate race is getting very, very close. Uh, like, like look at this. We're seeing McCormick makeup, significant ground on Casey. It was around a six point lead back. You know, you go back to the summer solid six point lead, even when Trump was doing way better than by doing significantly better than Biden, we weren't seeing the same correlation with the Senate. Well, now we are, we're seeing a lot of closer polls. We're seeing McCormick lead a poll where we've got another tie. Um, and even some of these, you know, Emerson, Casey plus one, Franklin and Marshall Casey plus one, you're talking about picking off a rust belt state, like a Senate seat there, maybe two, maybe sweeping it if you are Republicans, but I'll take one or two to get up to 54 55 seats. As long as you win Ohio, Montana, you know, obviously Texas, Florida, that's expected Nebraska with the fake independent there. Got to win that. But I think the Senate's looking amazing. I think it's like 84 16, maybe in terms of 84% chance Republicans keep the Senate, but it's going to be even like in terms of the seats, I think it's going to be 54 55 and they have to run it up in the Senate because 2026 the midterms it's not a great year for Republicans. They need to run it up. Hopefully if I mean these pop, see, the thing is the popular vote numbers are going to help in both the Senate and the house. They might actually help more in the house just because of the way the race is that, you know, the amount of races there are. Um, but it's also going to have a correlation to the Senate. I mean, if Trump wins Pennsylvania by three and a half, you would think McCormick, I mean, he's probably gonna win because, you know, he might only win by one he's going to underperform Trump. But if there's that wiggle room, like if Trump only wins Pennsylvania by 0.7, McCormick's probably going to lose Pennsylvania. But if he wins by two and a half to three, like we've seen in some of the recent polls, it's going to help McCormick and the down ballot in all out of the, the States. If Trump can make, can get like a four or five point lead depending like a four point lead or a four point win in Arizona, you're talking about maybe Kerry Lake is able to equal one out. But either way guys, that is going to do it for this video. Make sure you follow me on X links. That's always in the description.