 What we were hearing from Biden voters today are concerns about the issues like this specifically, and then stressing Joe Biden's experience and what they call his success in office. And so the achievement list of the Biden administration is something that we were hearing bits and pieces of it back from voters today. Yeah, it's absolutely true. And we see the evidence of it throughout my district, the bipartisan infrastructure law at work, replacing lead pipes throughout my district, investing in our airport. And again, policies that the administration has taken to protect women's reproductive freedom, it's on the record. And the contrast could not be clearer, especially in the wake of this Alabama Supreme Court decision surrounding IVF, deeply personal issue to so many people. And what happens in Alabama is not going to stay in Alabama. The voters know this. 125 Republicans have cosponsored a bill recognizing a fetal right to life without an exception to protect a woman's right to make her family whole, a family's right to make their family whole through IVF. And that's a bill that if it ever got to Joe Biden, he would veto instantaneously. There's no doubt about it. And Republicans in the Senate have also refused, refused to even allow a vote that the Democrats in the Senate wanted to have on protecting in-vitro fertilization. It's true. Senator Tammy Duckworth is expected to try to bring her bill up, protecting the right to build a family to the Senate floor. Republicans are saying they're going to block it. I'm a proud cosponsor of the House's counterpart to that bill. We're going to do everything we can to make sure that that bill gets a vote, including bringing it by a discharge petition if we have to. We're going to hold Republicans accountable to this. They're trying to backtrack now. You can hear their tire screeches around the world as they get their talking points memo from the National Republican Party. But as the first woman and mother in history to represent my district, I don't need anybody to give me a memo on how to talk about women's reproductive freedom. This is a deeply personal issue. It belongs with the women and their doctors themselves, and not with these politicians in Washington who can't even understand the basic biological concepts of how this works. It's been painful trying to listen to them, twist themselves into knots about how they can support these bills and also IVF at the same time. Again, we don't have to resort to hyperbole about these things. The facts simply speak for themselves. Republicans have voted against women's rights, trusting women with their own bodies, these critical decisions time and time again. Women are speaking up, especially even in places like traditionally conservative West Michigan, where I come from, many voters voting for the very first time for pro-choice candidates. We don't know yet how many uncommitted voters there are in your district tonight voting that way. Surely you know them. Surely you've spoken to them. They've spoken to you. Are they or any of them or many of them telling you that they won't vote for Joe Biden in November? And what are you telling them? I'm telling them that the beautiful part of this democracy is that they have this process through which they can register their complaints and their feelings. And I think that is one thing that we have seen in this process. This is democracy at work. And I think the numbers will remain to be seen. Obviously, Joe Biden was the decisive winner in the Democratic primary tonight. We are squaring off again for a Trump-Biden rematch. And I think when voters are presented with that stark contrast of Joe Biden's record and Trump's record, Joe Biden's vision for America and Trump's vision for America, that contrast will make sure we'll just send voters rushing to the polls again for Joe Biden, as they did in 2022, because we've seen the devastating consequences of a Trump presidency. And we know that a second term could be even worse.