 All right, Bree, and joining me now to give us some perspective on what tonight means for the election, especially here in Michigan, our pollster, Richard Zuba. Richard, good to see you. Thanks very much. I think tonight, really interesting job for Kamala Harris. For a while now to a lot of people, I think she's an idea. She needs to start being more than an idea, more than not Donald Trump and not Joe Biden, right? Well, tonight is really the first night many Americans are going to see and hear from the vice president. And I think that's a great opportunity for her. At the same time, she does have to run a centrist course. This election is going to be decided by the middle, and she's got to make sure those centrist hear something that appeals to them. The star power has been hard to deny these last couple of nights. You've got a lot of people who got an A in speech class, clearly the Clintons, the Obamas, Oprah. The bar is pretty high for, isn't it? Well, it is. She has had some tremendous speakers just in terms of, in general, a convention. These speakers have been very powerful speakers. I think the pressure is on her. I think we've seen she can deliver that, however, but this is the first time she's really done it at this level. Yeah. Richard, we just heard in that last story from Brie Jackson. We heard Mayor Hamoud from Dearborn speaking about this uncommitted movement. We've seen a lot of unrest outside, a lot of frustration that they haven't been able to have more of a presence inside. Talk about the stakes that are still involved with this uncommitted group of voters who are ostensibly Democratic, but not really fully in yet. Well, this really plays in Michigan. Not only are these uncommitted voters part of the Arab American community, but they extend into the young Democratic voter community. Kamala Harris is going to have to find a way to thread that needle. I thought that last night they did a very interesting job by bringing in the parents of one of the hostages. In the end, we have to remember it is centrists who will decide this state. That's where she has to stay and she has to appeal, while at the same time showing she understands what is happening to the Palestinian people. Lastly, Richard, Gretchen Whitmer. Governor Whitmer has been everywhere this week, all over cable news. She was on The Daily Show. Tonight she actually takes the stage. Talk about her presence in all of this and how important we're reminded again of how central Michigan is to this race, right? Well, I think one thing everybody should realize right now is that Governor Whitmer is, for lack of a better way to say it, a rock star on the Democratic side. You watch her appearances throughout the week at those caucuses, those state breakfasts. She was one of the most sought after people at those caucuses. I think she is speaking tonight and I think that's very interesting because she has an unusual appeal to independent voters. She is particularly good at it. One of the interesting things also is she is, outside of Robert Kennedy, the most popular politician amongst Kennedy voters. I'm going to look for her to make an appeal to those centrists and those Kennedy voters in Michigan here tonight. I had not heard that. Fascinating. All right, Richard. In fact, I know we're working on a new poll which will show us where we are as we start to make it toward the home stretch. Thanks so much, Richard. You're welcome. All right, Karen, back to you.