 It's Sunday service at the Temple Church of God in Saginaw County. This is a highly contested area in central Michigan. Whoever wins the election in this county could help determine who will win the state in next week's presidential elections. Bishop Hurley Coleman says he's concerned about the upcoming vote. When I hear the Republicans saying that we're going to change the Constitution, we're going to take away your right to make decisions, we're going to take away your right to be educated, I remember, I remember those very same rights being fought for. The phrase, make America great again, is frightening because it depends on what your great period was. Both candidates have intensified their campaigning in Michigan in the past weeks. The 15 electoral votes from here could help them win the presidency. Saginaw is a swing county in the swing state of Michigan. The majority of the population voted for Barack Obama in the past, then for Donald Trump and Joe Biden. However, when you talk to people here, there's lots of concerns that this election could end up in violence and unrest. Saginaw was once a booming industrial base, but not anymore. At this pumpkin farm outside the city, people are concerned about the economy and the loss of jobs in the past decades. Support for Donald Trump runs high here. Many say the 2020 elections were rigged and do not trust in the electoral system. Tom Ruppret, who works as a mechanist in the area, is one of them. It's going to be chaos, and I hope that it doesn't happen. I don't trust government whatsoever, because they tell you one thing and then they do what they want. They're all about the money. But there's also those who fear what the consequences will be if Trump is not elected. There's been a lot of damage done to the system in the last four to eight years, four to ten years even, where people don't trust it. I work in elections, and I can tell you in Michigan at least, it's absolutely impossible for anybody to systematically rig an election. The race to win the election is a tight one, and it's in small counties like this one where the battle for the presidency is currently being fought. There is a war, Al-Jassira Saginaw in Michigan. Make sure to subscribe to our channel to get the latest news from Al-Jassira.