 After a chaotic two weeks in the world of politics, we're going to the voters asking where they stand on the 2024 presidential race our exclusive wdiv Detroit News poll is in and it shows a Dead tie between Donald Trump and vice president Donald Kamala Harris. Excuse me. Thanks for joining us everybody I'm Kimberly Gill and I'm demand Fernandez in for Devin skillion tonight Our Jacqueline Francis has been digging through the results and she joins us live with what we're learning and reaction from our pollster Richard Suva. Good evening Jacqueline. So Much has happened in politics lately from an assassination attempt to a change at the top of a Democratic ticket and this poll covers it all The results are in and this is where the presidential race stands in Michigan according to our recent poll We find this race now to be dead even 41 to 41 Robert F. Kennedy is taking 10% of the vote any poll of Michigan right now has got to include Kennedy in it because he's taking a sizable chunk of the vote Richard Zuba with Glenn Garif group said the poll was conducted between Monday and Wednesday of this week Surveying 600 likely voters in Michigan all the polling we have been doing this year in Michigan Has shown Joe Biden losing to Donald Trump in Michigan, you know our January poll for wdiv in the Detroit News The first one of the season had Biden down by points suddenly Within three days. This race is dead even on a scale from 1 to 10 voter Motivation levels are in the mid nines voters are jacked through the roof to vote right now I'm surprised there some of them aren't in line already according to the poll 88.3% of people agree with the Joe Biden's decision not to seek reelection The poll also tested governor Gretchen Whitmer as a hypothetical running mate for Kamala Harris Giving the ticket a two-point bump when it comes to Donald Trump's running mate, Ohio senator JD Vance There wasn't much movement four or five percent who said they were more likely to vote Ticket because of JD Vance four or five percent who said they were less likely to vote for the ticket because of JD Vance Everybody else said had no impact on them It also asked if the recent assassination attempt on Trump has changed how people plan to vote in November Well over 90 percent of voters said it had no impact on them that they weren't going to change Their position or how they vote because of that count. Does that surprise you? No, because Donald Trump is going to get the number Donald Trump gets and what we're seeing in this poll is it is Consistently he is polling at 41 42 percent no matter who you put up against him This poll goes on to cover so much more including hot topics like immigration policy and Electric vehicles you can find all of that on our website click on Detroit calm reporting live in Detroit. I'm Jacqueline Francis local for All right Jacqueline. Thank you