 Arab American and Jewish Americans are reacting to what are Kamala Harris's strongest remarks on the war in Gaza. During her speech at last night's Democratic National Convention, she took a stance on the humanitarian crisis. CBS News Detroit to Jordan Brose is on your block in Oakland County with the story. We talked to both Arab and Jewish leaders throughout the state of Michigan and asked them their thoughts on VP Kamala Harris's comments on the war in Gaza as she accepted the Democratic nomination for president at last night's Democratic National Convention. She talked about this for roughly four minutes. Here is how both sides feel about those comments. Now is the time to get a hostage deal and a ceasefire deal done. The now Democratic nominee for President Kamala Harris stands with President Joe Biden and their stance on the humanitarian crisis in Gaza. But Harris out of this about Israel saying the country has the right to defend itself. The people of Israel must never again face the horror that a terrorist organization called Hamas caused on October 7 she called what has happened in the past 10 months. Devastating President Biden and I are working to end this war such that Israel is secure. The hostages are released. The suffering in Gaza ends and the Palestinian people can realize their right to the right to the right to their right to dignity, security, freedom and self determination. These comments did not sit well with Arab American leaders in Michigan. Ahmad Hamad is the executive director of the Human Rights Council and met with us at the Islamic Center of Detroit. She didn't say anything you knew. She didn't say something that we did not expect. It's very unfortunate and simply, you know, we're looking for something of substance, not just empty words of sympathy. Hamad was a part of the abandoned Biden movement which wanted voters to turn away from Biden and vote uncommitted now he said since Biden has dropped out of the race and Harris is the nominee. They are undecided on who they will vote for. We reached out to Jewish leaders in the state and received this statement from state Senator Jerry Moss on Harris's statement. It says quote Vice President Harris his remarks reflect the mainstream view in the Democratic Party. The hostages must be released. Hamas must be defeated. Aid must flow to innocent Palestinians and violence must deescalate. The overwhelming majority of American Jewish voters believe that both Israel has a right to defend itself from terrorism. And Palestinians have a right to self determination in a peace seeking state. Her speech struck all the right courts to win the election and manage this crisis. Harris met with Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu back in July and said she was committed to Israel, but she would not stay silent on the humanitarian crisis in Gaza. Reporting in Oakland County, Jordan Burroughs, CBS News, Detroit.