 The fact that we're seeing this core group of supporters actually moving away from him, not just off of the 2016 baseline, but the 2020 baseline as well, I think that's a rather interesting development, shrinkage. Shrinkage, said CNN, in describing Donald Trump's standing with non-college white voters. That is a key Trump demographic and the loss of his performance with that group comes as national poll show Kamala Harris with a clear overall lead. Now, I hear you saying, well, what about the state battleground polls? And yes, the real clear politics average in each shows Donald Trump slightly ahead though within the margin of error. But as the Hill headline says, GOP leading polls trigger questions about accuracy. Quote, the prevalence of Republican leading polls in recent weeks is raising questions about their effect on the overall polling average. GOP leading polls have flooded the zone fueling speculation that they could be skewing perceptions of the race. In other words, Republicans may be artificially pumping up Trump's numbers to compensate for his dysfunction. And by most accounts, Trump's dysfunction is getting weirder and more repulsive. In La Trobe, Pennsylvania, the hometown of the late golfing legend Arnold Palmer, AP headline, Trump kicks off a Pennsylvania rally by talking about Arnold Palmer's genitalia. When he took showers with the other pros, they came out of there, they said, my God. That's unbelievable. I had to say it. Palmer's daughter is telling reporters that Trump's vulgar ramblings were an unfortunate way to remember her dad. She added her father disliked Trump was appalled by Trump's lack of civility and didn't like it when people were nasty and rude. But nastiness is Donald Trump. In the very same Pennsylvania speech, here is how Donald Trump attacked Vice President Kamala Harris. We can't stand you, you're a **** vice president. The worst. You're the worst vice president. Kamala, you're fired. Get the hell out of here, you're fired. Get the hell out of here. Well, that was the same message a Trump supporter delivered to his McDonald's restaurant customers over the weekend. The local owner closed the fast food restaurant so he, his staff, Donald Trump and a few Trump supporters could stage this photo op. That's right. It was staged. A visit to a McDonald's closed just for him, where he tried scoring political points after claiming without any evidence that Vice President Harris didn't once work at the fast food chain while in college. She never worked at McDonald's. She says she did. He leaned through the drive through window to take reporter questions. Wouldn't say if he supports boosting the minimum wage. The fake event generated this headline on the conservative leading Drudge Report, McDonald one fry short of Happy Meal, felon finds work, at least staged work. In the real world, even McDonald's workers have to show basic proficiency with numbers. In Pennsylvania, at another event, Trump failed. And I'm not 80 and I'm not that close to 80. But in the Biden case, Trump is 78. That is actually close to 80. Clearly though, Donald Trump is trying to deflect perceptions that his age is catching up with him. At an earlier event in Michigan, Trump seemed to have an awkward senior moment when the microphone didn't work. Trump reacted by wandering aimlessly around the stage for 16 minutes. Perhaps the audio problems were caused by the ghost of the late Michigan native and actor, Vern Troyer, saying you aren't gonna talk about my job. Back to Pennsylvania and look up Vern Troyer if you wanna get the joke. The Trump reference in Pennsylvania to Arnold Palmer's genitalia was especially striking given the makeup of much of the crowd. The rally attracted a large number of Christian nationalists. One of them told RSBN that Kamala Harris is not religious and faithful enough. I think she better get on her hands and her knees and start crying out to the one and true living God because if not, she's gonna meet her maker real quick. And as for the election, the same Trump supporter said Harris should not even be trying to run for president. She shouldn't run. This is a man's world. This is a man's country. This country is supposed to be run like a business. And that is why that Donald Trump is the one that we need at this moment. Donald Trump is needed because our nation should be run like a business and this is a man's country. On that last claim, this is a man's country. That Trump supporter may be correct. Imagine if Kamala Harris gave a speech and began by focusing on the genitalia or breasts of a famous woman. I saw her naked and her breasts were amazing. Do you think America would let that pass? Would more than 40% of the electorate still cast a ballot for a woman candidate who spoke so crudely? And yet for Donald Trump, the vulgar and classist remarks happen literally every day. And the comments and behavior keep getting weirder. Thankfully, polls show a growing number of Americans are sick of Donald Trump, tired of his antics, and see right through the constant stream of staged frauds. And as we begin this video, even many of the polls are fraudulent, designed by Republicans to depress Harris voters. And perhaps set the stage for Donald Trump to claim a rigged election. After all, if Donald Trump loses many of the battleground states the GOP poll said in advance he was winning, the election must have been fraudulent, he will say. It's all a Trump sham. Only in this election, Donald Trump is gonna discover that he has left a huge number of voters, especially women, unsatisfied and repulsed. And Donald Trump's impotence cannot be fixed. By the way, on top of Donald Trump's juvenile smears and weird antics, he also keeps seething and lashing out. You are running out enormous debt. What is the Wall Street Journal now, I'm meeting with them tomorrow. What is the Wall Street Journal now? They've been wrong about everything, so have you, by the way. Another interview, another Trump meltdown. This time, arms folded, Trump lashed out at criticism of his economic plans. There are business people, there are business people. You're wrong, you've been wrong, you've been wrong all your life on this stuff. On a childish insult and stream of conscious screeds. It's called the weave, it's all these different things happening. Came as the conservative drudge report called Trump American Psycho. His rhetoric is getting darker. It's the enemy from within, all the scum that we have to deal with. His gaffes are more frequent. Also, we have many Azarasians in our room. And his rallies are weirder. I mean, it was over half an hour that they were up there. He was requesting songs on little pieces of paper. Washington Post headlined Trump's ways and bops to music for 39 minutes in bizarre town hall episode. It was weird. I mean, I don't know of another word to describe last night. It was weird. And he does weird things like this. And he usually does them in private or he does them with age or he does them on the Mar-a-Lago patio. Look, we are used to seeing him have a discursive speaking style, but it has gotten more rambling. It has gotten more incoherent. It's gotten longer. That's the other thing is that if you look back at the speech lengths from a couple of years ago, they were much shorter. Now, when he was in office, now they are 75 minutes, 90 minutes. Check out that video at the link below. A generator, a lot of comments on YouTube, one of the most popular from Aveline who wrote Trump's arms are crossed. The only thing he didn't do was stamp his foot and slam the door on his way out. He is becoming more the petulant child. Indeed. I look forward to reading your comments about the latest poll showing Donald Trump shrinking as his dysfunction gets weirder. I'm David Schuster. Thanks for joining us.