 What is happening MagnaSites? So from what I understand Kamala got booed again in Michigan that rhymed later play of the game bars. Let's check this out and see what happened. Let me tell you what I heard what Michelle Obama said after it After it transpired. Cause I got an answer for that. Hard work is joyful work! And make no mistake, we will win. We will win. We will win. We will. That's too much. Well they say back in the day by hook or crook we gonna win. We will win. We will win. We will win. We will win. And I got something for you. Or as a certain former president would say, yes we can. So yes we can and yes we will. And we will win because together and this is about all of us. We are fighting for America's future and we understand the opportunity we have before us to turn the game on the fear. We are fighting for America's future and we understand the opportunity we have before us to turn the game on the fear. They are fighting in that audience. They are fighting in that audience. On the topic of Gaza we must end that war. And we must end the war and bring the hostages home. The family is speaking about 2024. Alright so from what I saw a quote I was scrolling from Michelle Obama and they were saying she said basically, why are we holding her to a higher standard than Donald Trump? Well first of all I don't know if that's exactly true but if they are, if people are, why wouldn't you hold someone to a higher standard that didn't get the candidacy the way everybody else did? That could be one of the reasons right there. Okay so look at WWE and tough enough. When you got into WWE tough enough the veterans, the guys, the wrestlers that had been there for a while, even the fans, they held those performers to a higher standard because they did not cut their teeth. They did not pay their dues in the way that everybody else did. She didn't pay her dues the way Donald Trump did. So all these other wrestlers were on the indies wrestling and from this company to that company, wrestling for five bucks a match and traveling hundreds of miles to do different matches for years until they finally made it. And you did a reality show and now you are in the big leagues with us and you are only on the show for a couple of months, a few weeks or whatever and now all of a sudden you are in the big leagues? What took me years to do? They held them to a higher standard. They had to prove themselves and that's the way people are looking at Kamala. Okay because she didn't make it the way everyone else did. So she's got a whole lot to prove. Okay and like I said she doesn't feel real. Her accent changes. Okay you don't know whether she's black or not. You know what I'm saying? I think she should have ran being a proud Indian woman. There's nothing wrong with that. Okay my CPA, she's a proud Indian woman. One of my favorite people on this planet. You know what I mean? But anyway, yeah. So post comments down below. Let me know what you all think. If you and Noah and you guys follow me because I'm fair. Okay. It's not that I'm unbiased. I'm fair. Everyone has their biases. Literally everyone. Okay. Because there are different things in your life, different opinions that you have, the way you were raised, different experiences in your life. That will always influence your decision. You're always biased. You can be more biased or less biased. But what I think is more important is being fair. So whether you like a person or not, whether you're down for an issue or not, whatever it is, you can be fair about the situation. Now was she booed there? I'm not sure. There may have been people booing her but there may have been people also booing the people that were talking about normal war in Gaza. Gaza, I don't know, look like a conflict sounded like a conflict in the audience. So I'm not really sure. What I would say fairly is probably with some a fair amount of booing for her and for the people in the audience shouting about the war. That's what I think it was. So because then you heard the people start saying, Carmela, Carmela. So they're trying to over shout the people that were angry about the war. So yeah. So post comments down below. Let me know what you all think about this. And if you enjoyed my reaction to like button, subscribe and share. I heard that that JD Vance interview is a zinger. Ten million subscribers.