 To me, a woman's reproductive freedom is, and when she loses that, she's lost her power. It's the power to make decisions about their lives, you know? And so it's taking power away from women to take away that freedom of choice. And it doesn't surprise me that those things are part of a plan. One thing that we did hear a lot tonight was, why Trump is a horrible president, why we gotta prevent Trump from becoming president again. We heard a lot of that. And again, a lot of that is real. I think one thing that I would have loved to probably hear a little bit more is her plans. So at this point, the threats that she kind of laid out in the lead up, right? When it comes to a Trump 2.0, when it comes to the lack of guardrails, when it comes to the possibility of a nationwide ban abortion when it comes to what this country could look like under a Trump presidency, all of that to you still is not necessarily enough yet for you to decide whether or not you were gonna vote for her. It's not enough for me to decide whether or not I'm gonna vote for her. She has 70 something days left to go to convince people, especially in swing states, as to why she's the best candidate. If she wants to talk about moving away from cynicism and wants to move into a new era, she has to differentiate herself from Biden. I didn't hear dreaming big. I heard why we, so much of the argument is about why we don't want Trump. And that might just be what's realistic. But I want someone who's gonna go in and be like, this is what I dream of for our country. And this is what I think we could build. If I win, I really wanna hear something positive. And like, what are we building toward? So we're gonna play some more sound, Sam, in the next hour, specifically talking about how Kamala Harris, the vice president addressed the Israel-Gaza war, which I think obviously is very interesting, considering the people that we were talking to. But again, it's this idea of wanting to be inspired, right? And I think one of my biggest takeaways from this conversation that I had last night was some of these voters that I had spoken to back during the Michigan primary were saying, no way, no how, I am not pulling the lever for Joe Biden. There was a possibility among some of those uncommitted voters that I was speaking to that they could in fact come to her side, right? If she sold them the goods that they wanted to hear, specifically when it came to the Israel-Gaza war, which again, we're gonna learn more about in the next hour. But there was a lot of unity over some of the things that she talked about when she talks specifically again about reproductive rights, as they mentioned, but wanting to feel inspired. I heard that a lot as well. Wanting to feel like this is real change, right? When they saw the change from Biden saying, it's going to Kamala Harris, right? I'm not running for reelection. They felt reinvigorated and they wanna feel that coming from Kamala Harris as well, Sam. And Yasmin, I know you're gonna give us more of a debrief on some of these issues in an hour, but I'm just curious, of all the topics that you just mentioned, was the war in Gaza overwhelmingly the most important one or one of several important topics? So amongst the four uncommitted voters, it was the most important topic. Reproductive rights, I would say, is number two. And I think, for Democrats watching right now, for folks that are stumping for Kamala Harris, I mean, that is a real rally cry, reproductive rights, right? I saw real unity amongst the voters that I spoke to when it came to reproductive rights for women and the damage that Donald Trump could do. And that's why I kind of keep reiterating it because I heard so much about it and reactions from them during the speech as Kamala Harris was addressing it. But yes, in this city, in Dearborn, Michigan, predominantly Arab Muslim American voters here, Gaza, Israel is their number one issue, Sam. Yeah, really insightful and looking forward to talking to you again pretty soon here. Yasmin, thank you so much. Thanks for watching. Stay updated about breaking news and top stories on the NBC News app or follow us on social media.