 Well, between now and election day, we are highlighting critical battleground states in this presidential race. This week in our swing state spotlight, we're taking you to Michigan. A few Michigan facts for you this morning. Michigan was officially admitted as the 26th state in a union. This was in 1837. It's the 10th most populated state today and has 15 electoral votes. It's also called the Great Lakes state. The Mitten is the only state in the US that borders four of the five Great Lakes. It has the nation's largest freshwater coastline and it's said that you can stand anywhere in Michigan and be within six miles of a lake or stream and within 85 miles of the Great Lakes. Politically, Michigan is crucial in this election according to our partners at Decision Desk headquarters, an average of 187 polls show Vice President Harris with a 3% lead. You can see 49% say they will vote for Harris. 46% say they will vote for former President Trump. Look at the results from the past two elections. In 2016, former President Donald Trump won Michigan by just 0.3%. In 2020, President Joe Biden flipped the state back to blue, winning by 2.8%. We welcome now Drew McCoy, President of Decision Desk headquarters. Drew, thank you so much for weighing in on this story. Michigan, it's often lumped together with other swing states, but we know with auto manufacturing, a major player in the state's economy, the union vote's going to be big, working class voters, another major group to watch. How have and will the candidates tailor their messages accordingly, do you think? Yeah, it's good to be with you. Absolutely. Michigan is probably the three states you mentioned that they get lumped with Pennsylvania, Wisconsin as well. It's probably traditionally the most democratic, and it is a lot of those blue collar union voters. Obviously, Donald Trump has a great appeal to those voters, and that's why you see this state being much closer, able to win it in 2016. So they're going to focus on those voters. Democrats are going to be aiming at the Detroit area, Wayne County. There's also Washtenaw County, which is Ann Arbor, Ingram County, Lansing. These are also highly educated areas with the universities in those places. Then they're going to go to the swing counties, which is like Macomb County. It's a county that Trump won by eight points in 2020, but he won it by 11 in 2016. When you're talking about those fine margins from 2016 to 2020, it's those battleground counties that really going to be where both campaigns are going to focus. Yeah. We know geographically, the state varies very significantly. Where does each candidate expect to do well, and what does that tell you about each party's coalition in the state? Yeah, again, it's going to be areas around universities where Democrats are going to do well. Oakland County is another one of those suburban Detroit counties where you're going to see a lot of attention paid. When Donald Trump won the state narrowly in 2016, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton won that county by eight, but then Joe Biden won it by 14. So sometimes it's not about winning a county or an area. It's about holding the margin down. Then out to the West, you're going to go to a place like Kent County, Grand Rapids. It's an area that Trump won by three in 2016, a lot of voters of Dutch heritage, but Biden won it by six. So again, there's a lot of swing. That's an area that's traditionally Republican. Republican candidates had won that area by double digits, but it's an area where Donald Trump hasn't really connected. But again, he's putting together a different coalition than your traditional Republicans in that state. He certainly is. You know those post-debate polls, they show Trump leading Harris by one point. How tight of a race do you think it will be in Michigan come November? I expect it to be a very tight race, somewhere probably between what we saw in 2016 and 2020. It's very fine margins. One thing that when we look at the polling, we look at the averages and you said, this is slightly there, but again, well within the margin of error. And also we spent a lot of time with Donald Trump for the last year leading when he was facing Joe Biden. It's a very unusual position for Donald Trump in his political career, but we also see sometimes the polling doesn't necessarily reflect his strengths. So when you see these very small one, two, 3% margins for either candidate, it's really a very close, almost tight race.