 As much as Mr. Trump hopes to turn New York red, experts are more than skeptical, and history dictates it will be more than quite difficult as well. New York's presidential electoral votes have not gone to Republicans since Ronald Reagan's second term election 40 years ago. New Jersey and Connecticut similarly have not voted Republican since George H.W. Bush back in 1988. And while Democrats once again expect to carry the tri-states, there are about seven other states that are true toss-ups. ABC News political director Rick Klein took an in-depth look at those states, which will determine the next president. So here are some of the things that I'm gonna be looking for on election night, and it's going to be an active and kind of wild and unpredictable night in all likelihood. I wanna start with the battleground states. There are seven of them in addition to that one electoral vote in Nebraska that could become important. They're pretty familiar to a lot of people because they're similar to the battleground states that we saw last time around. Right now, our partners at FiveThirtyEight give Donald Trump a 51% chance of winning the presidency. It's basically a 50-50 race, an utter coin flip. But just to show you how that can change based on a couple of states falling in a particular direction, let's assume just for the purposes of our conversation that Pennsylvania, the biggest battleground on the map, goes for Kamala Harris. Look what happens to the FiveThirtyEight calculation. You go from that 50-50 race to now Harris having an almost 80% chance of winning. If on the other hand, we see some of the southern states that have traditionally been more Republican. North Carolina, which went for Donald Trump once. Georgia went for Donald Trump once and then flipped back. Look what happens to the FiveThirtyEight numbers just based on those two states. Again, that's an 80% Trump chance. So a few states can make a big difference. I'm gonna be looking particularly at some of the key counties. Pennsylvania, as I mentioned, is probably the most important battleground state because it's the biggest. It's got 19 electoral votes this time around. And the place to hone in is Philadelphia and the suburbs. Philadelphia, that's a Democratic stronghold. We know that Harris is gonna do well just like Joe Biden did, but it's right outside of there where the numbers couldn't be important. Chester County, that's a 58-40, a 50,000 vote edge right there out of that one county. Similarly, the edge in a place like Montgomery County, that's 130,000 votes right there. Biden only won the state by 80,000. So again, that's where Harris has to come in very big. Similar story in Wisconsin with some interesting differences. There, we know that Milwaukee is the big hall of Democratic votes. That's a big one for Harris likewise. Madison is even bigger. It's a big college town, but the suburbs there, they tend to be a little bit redder. The question is gonna be in places like Waukesha, Washington, and Ozaukee County, what do the margins look like? How close is Joe Biden able to keep it in the race against Donald Trump? Then we're gonna be looking out west some. Nevada has been Democratic for the last couple of election cycles, but there are some real interesting battlegrounds that have emerged there. Las Vegas with all those union members and Latino voters, that has been only narrowly Democratic the last few election cycles of 53, 44. And this is the classic swing county, Washoe County, where Reno is, the other big population center. The margins could be very tight in places like this as Harris and Trump kind of hang on to try to find the best electoral coalition that works for them. We're also gonna be looking at the Senate map. You've got far more Republican opportunities than there are Democratic opportunities and a real opportunity for a takeover there. Also the House of Representatives, that's gonna be in question on election night. So we're gonna be long for what's gonna be a wild ride, a lot of different variables, and these maps are gonna tell some really big stories on election night. Iraq has no cryptocurrency inathi management entertainment, it's not backend data, it's development of an programmed independent data, my authority, new data content, this capabilities industry, and its and a global policy and an tied national global genuinely means that we can keep away from these misleading ways