 On the outskirts of Detroit, America's first Arab-majority city. A proud community built up around the jobs migrants from the Middle East found in the auto industry. But today in Dearborn, they're hurting. It's tearing us apart. As Israel strikes Lebanon, Sam Hamoud is desperately worried about family back home. I'm talking about my village, my people, my cousins. My old man has been running all over the country trying to find a safe place to stay. Sam Hamoud backed Donald Trump in 2016 and 2020, but this time he might not vote at all. This is two administrations that just want to pound, pound, pound bombs. And they're all US made bombs. I feel like I'm in this whole situation because they're using our tax dollars. In Michigan's Democratic primary election, more than 100,000 people voted uncommitted in protest at the Biden administration's staunch support of Israel. And in the final weeks of campaigning, some have gone further. The abandoned Harris campaign endorsing Green Party candidate Jill Stein, who's called for a ceasefire in Gaza and an end to military aid to Israel. We have to register our protest. We cannot be silent. We want to punish this administration, the Biden administration, for committing genocide. If Trump wins so. What is it he's going to do that we have not seen already? Jill Stein is polling at around 1 percent. But that's enough to worry the Democrats. Third party votes in the United States, it's unfortunate, but they have the potential to be spoiler candidates. Democrats blame Jill Stein for robbing them of victory when she took votes in key swing states in 2016. And they're now targeting her. She's not sorry she helped Trump win. That's why a vote for Stein is really a vote for Trump. We actually say bring it on because every time they try to smear us, they produce a huge counter reaction. Jill Stein makes no excuses for drawing votes from the main parties. For the most part, people are not supporting that candidate. They're voting against the candidate that they hate the most. This is not what democracy needs. It's a vote for Jill Stein. It's not a vote for Trump and it's not a vote for the Democrats. Sujood Hamadi is a Dearborn lawyer. She was a long term Democratic voter, but this time she'll be backing Jill Stein. If they want her vote, then they need to do what it takes to garner her vote instead of pushing our backs up against the wall and telling us to vote for the lesser of two evils. With polls neck and neck, both Donald Trump and Kamala Harris are making multiple campaign stops in Michigan. It's a significant concern, I think, for the Harris campaign. If they can limit the damage and turn up the heat on the African American turnout, maybe that's enough, right? But Trump is doing the same thing in other parts of the state with other constituencies. Donald Trump caused an upset when he took Michigan in 2016 by 11,000 votes. Jill Biden won a bank for the Democrats in 2020 with 154,000 votes. And it just shows you how small shifts in a community like this one could determine who wins the White House. In a race that once again is down to the wire, Barbara Miller, ABC News, Dearborn, Michigan.