 Now you're there now in in Detroit obviously Joe Biden wanted back in 2020. It's crucial for Kamala Harris to hang on to Michigan now as industrial state, a lot of workers, a lot of factory workers, also a lot of Muslim migrants who might be swayed by what's happening in the Middle East at the moment. You've been sampling opinion around Detroit. Tell us what you've picked up from voters today. Yeah let me just give you a bit of a flavour. It's only 15 electoral votes. We're right on the border with Canada here. Detroit you know it's the Motor City. The other major factor here is the city just about half an hour from here it's called Dearborn. It's 110,000 people in that city and it is mostly Muslim Arab population and this is the biggest Muslim Arab city in the whole of the United States. It's got the biggest mosque and it has quite a bit of sway. Those voters are usually Democrat. This time around what's happened between the last election and now is the Gaza war has broken out. Kamala Harris is copping a lot of heat for that because she's part of the current administration. Those people do not think this administration has done enough so what it's done is it's splitting the vote many ways. Democrats won't even endorse Kamala Harris. Some are looking to Trump. Some won't vote at all and others are looking for a third party candidate who happens to be a Jewish Green. So that's what you're dealing with here and when it comes down to just maybe a thousand 10, 20,000 votes these that city matters so much and not only that what's happened Chris is the Democrats who don't want to endorse Kamala don't want to campaign. It's taken a lot of that leg workout so they're not door knocking. They're not just not voting. They're not rallying their community. Yeah that really hurts. I think Kamala Harris is going to have a real problem here and they're looking to Trump not from what he said but what they think he might do. There's a lot of people I spoke today believe he is like he'll end the war and I can't believe he's going to stand by and let Israel do this. He'll stand up to world leaders so that's the kind of you that you're getting here and it is so disparate. It's split that city absolutely. Fascinating stuff Laura and as you say Kamala Harris really needs Michigan and Wisconsin. We'll see how it plays out. Catch up with you again. Thanks for joining us. Thanks for having me Chris. Good to see you.