 Joining us now is Michigan Democratic Party Vice Chair, Representative Jason Morgan. Representative, it's good to have you on the show. Great to be with you. So let's rewind to last night, obviously, President Trump speaking to those auto workers in Michigan, promising to keep manufacturing jobs stateside if he's elected in 2024. In your eyes, is that promise enough to win over the workers ahead of the election? Absolutely not. President Trump can say whatever he wants, but his record is really clear for workers here in Michigan. I grew up here in the Union family. I serve in the Michigan legislature. And I can tell you very definitively that people look at what you've done, not what you say. And President Trump can say whatever he wants, but we've seen his record that has been disastrous for the auto industry. OK, you're saying actions speak louder than words, but I got to take you on the flip side of this same coin. The UAW also has problems with President Biden's green energy plan transitioning to electric vehicles, which would slash a projected 117,000 union jobs. So how does he fare any better in the fight of winning the union endorsement? Well, I think the contrast is clear. President Biden has been the most pro-union president in American history. And I think that is undisputed, particularly given that he was the first president in American history to join workers on the strike line here in our community, right down the road from where I live here. I think that's clear. We have to make sure that we are securing these jobs in America. The EV future is here, whether we like it or not. And the important part is that we need to make sure American workers are building the cars in the future. But how do you, you know, maybe he is the most pro-union president in history, but how do you ignore the fact that 117,000 jobs would be slashed by his policies? I mean, was this specific union, this specific fight, the battle for him to choose when his stance on green energy is that? Well, I think our UAW workers are fighting for more than just themselves. They're fighting to rebuild the middle class in America and they're fighting to get back what they gave up a few years ago. We need to make sure that our auto workers are having fair wages and actually able to care for their families in the job that they're doing. This is something President Biden is fighting for. We're fighting for that here in the Michigan legislature by passing repealing anti-worker laws that were passed into Republican leadership for the last four decades. So we're trying to make sure we are standing with these workers. And I think it's pretty clear where we stand. Yeah. Also, I know that during his visit on Tuesday, President Biden encouraged workers to push for a 40% raise, but critics say the president is ignoring the economic repercussions of an extended strike. In your eyes, is President Biden doing enough to balance his support of workers also with what's best for the nation's economy right now? I think we have to support our American auto industry, both the industry itself and our workers. But if our workers aren't receiving decent wages, then we can't sustain the middle class here in America. And that is more important in Michigan than anywhere else. Given our heritage with the auto industry and our long history being a UAW and Union state here, we have to make sure that we're having fair wages. So my hope is that this moves along quickly and we receive great responses from the auto industry to support our workers, but it is so important that we do that. Otherwise we won't have an auto industry to sustain us in the future. I know our latest decision desk HQ polling showed that 39% of people believe the Democratic Party best represented the interests of the UAW, 14% said Republican, 26% said neither and 21% said not sure at this time. So I guess we're about to see how important that union support, that union endorsement is for the 2024 election. Representative Morgan, thanks so much for hopping on the show. We do appreciate it. Absolutely, great to be with you. Thank you for watching. Go to newsnationnow.com to find News Nation on your television provider. And don't forget to click the red subscribe button below to get more of News Nation's fact-driven, unbiased coverage.