 Good to see you here. What are you doing here? Just to support? Well, I heard there was a guy there. He was coming, yes. I drove all the way from Maryland and got lost. Oh, I love, I love, you got the whole Vietnam and everything. Oh, I love it. Could I ask you a question real quick? Yeah, sure. That's why I brought them, I brought the eye candy to distract you so I can ask you a question. But yeah, why are you here today? Why was it so important? I see you walking up this hill with your cane in this heat to come back to where former President Donald J. Trump was almost killed. Why? Well, as a veteran, Purple Heart recipients, I almost got killed. If I had a chance, I'd give him my Purple Heart. He was saved. I was saved. There's something that draws you to him. I like him. That's why. Does he remind you of anybody that you serve with in the military or any leaders that you've known throughout your life? Oh, some commanders, yeah, you know, and we need a good commander in chief. Let's be honest about it. We need, now that this war has expanded to the Middle East, 50,000 soldiers in the Middle East, we need a good commander in chief. Let's be frank, okay? Not having cackling, whatever, without any disrespect. We just don't need her. She's not going to do us any good. Yes, sir. And sir, I also see that you have the Buffalo Soldiers. That was your unit. No, I'm a 19th Infantry, big Red One, 11 Bravo, foot soldier. Oh, but you have the Buffalo Soldiers just to represent? Membership. We still remember our brothers who fought in World War II, World Buffalo, Civil War. We remember them. And this is a reminder. As a black man, we need to continue to remember what happened. So, in view of, you know, out of respect for all of them, good enough. Yes, please! You have to. Thank you so much, sir. I don't want to take up too much of your time, but if we can get a photo really quick. Right here. It is crazy. There is merch booths. There is a large crowd. So, you know, when there's large crowds and there's merch booths, there needs to be a connection between the two. And one of the biggest hustlers out here is Reggie Jones from Charlotte, North Carolina. So, over there, I was dead shirt. The return of Donald Trump. This is the scene of the crime that appeared earlier. So, we're back here again. His fearless return as the shirts say. So, thank you so much. Why would you come here knowing that it's dangerous, that it could potentially be a dangerous place and all of that? Why would you come here to not only show support, but also to sell merch to the people? Well, because Donald came back. And if Donald came back, I know it's safer, you know? And plus, we got to get out, you know, to vote rally shirts. Yeah. So, what do you got there? Oh, so it looks very local too. I love that. It has the Butler, Pennsylvania. I don't know if I see anybody else with these. Are you the only one with these? I'm the only one with these, sir. Yeah. These especially. How much? How much are you selling these for? 20 bucks. I got you. These are specially made for Butler. We had the date. We got shot and we had the current date as well. Thank you, sir. What's that go? Give me a medium. I'm barely a medium. Barely. Yo, thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you very much as well, man. My name is Raymond. Thank you, Raymond. Or the Marine rapper, if we're talking about, you know, my secret identity. But anyways, but do you have anything to say to the people who are undecided, who don't know who to vote for or anything like that? If you love America, get out and vote for Donald Trump. Mic drop.