 Thanks for joining us on six news at five. We begin with yet another campaign stop by presidential candidate. Vice President Kamala Harris spending time in the Johnstown area this afternoon, marking the second visit by presidential candidate in as many weeks. We have team coverage of the stops she made. Bailey Wojcik is at the airport. We'll get to her shortly. First, we went ahead to Brock Owens, who has been downtown since noon. Brock? Jen and Sean, it certainly got busy here in downtown Johnstown as groups of supporters and protesters were along Main Street throughout the afternoon. We didn't see if they could catch a glimpse of the Vice President Kamala Harris as she was coming here to classic elements in Johnstown. From outside, I never really got a great opportunity to see Harris, but our crew that was able to go inside classic elements with Harris says there were discussions with the owners about the struggles of owning a small business. And there were also discussions about the community and getting to know the local area as Harris looks to secure the swing state of Pennsylvania for November's election. I am feeling very good about Pennsylvania because there are a lot of people in Pennsylvania who deserve to be seen and heard. That's why I'm here in Johnstown. And I will be continuing to travel around the state to make sure that I'm listening as much as we are talking. And ultimately, I feel very strongly that I earn every vote. And that means spending time with folks in the communities where they live. And so that's why I'm here. We're going to be spending a lot more time in Pennsylvania. Great. You think Brad's expensive now? Wait till January. Once again, there were groups of supporters and protesters for the Vice President's visit. Consistently, the crowds chanting the names of Trump or Harris as they lined up along Main Street waiting for Harris to arrive for about two hours before the motorcade came. Harris supporters I spoke with telling me they were happy to see her come to a town and show her support to a smaller community. Trump supporters saying they weren't really protesting, just making sure it's known that Trump has support in this area. And I asked people from both sides why they wanted to be here today. We just want peace in our country. That's what it's all about. Unity. The thing is that she didn't come from life. So therefore, she knows how it is for people that are out here struggling. Like I said, she's for all the people. It's not just for the rich. Yeah. Yeah. Why people love Trump? It's this. Nine words. We love America. Trump loves America. We love Trump. And we'll have more reaction from supporters, protesters, as well as one of the owners of Classic Elements coming up later. But for now, live in Johnstown, Brock Owens, 6 News. Hailey Wojcik joins us live now. She was at the Johnstown airport today for the arrival of Vice President Harris Bailey. What was the atmosphere like at the airport today? Yeah, Jen, there was a lot of excitement in the air today when just a few hours ago, around 300 visitors had the chance to see and even speak to Vice President Kamala Harris when she landed right here at the Johnstown airport. Around 2 o'clock, Air Force 2 landed here in Johnstown. And Kamala Harris stepped out to meet with the crowd of hundreds. She was also greeted by local officials, as well as Senator John Fetterman. I've been at the airport since around 9.30, and I saw numerous visitors arrive hours before she landed. As soon as Harris stepped out of the plane, the crowd, which was stationed behind a barricade, became extremely loud and hectic, with many of the audience members trying to see if they could catch a glimpse of the Vice President. Due to the limited parking here, many of the audience members had to be bused to the airport from the willow down the road. They say the event was invite only. I spoke with a local woman who says she's happy to see support for Harris in this area. Well, we're here from Bedford County. A group of Democrats came up, very Republican County. I think it's the second highest-read county in the state, but our group is growing. And we wanted to come and be with other people for a change, where we are sharing values and excitement and the joy that the Vice President is bringing to this campaign. Harris met with the crowd here for about 20 minutes before departing in her motorcade to Johnstown. Reporting in Cambria County, Bailey Wojcik, 6 News.