 We're here with you and with some breaking news, unfortunately. Shots have been fired at a Trump rally in Pennsylvania. It appears that Donald Trump has ducked down behind a screen and when he's emerged, there is blood on his ear. We don't know if he's been shot. We just... That's all we can tell you. So, there have been major concerns about the security surrounding Donald Trump's rallies. You will be aware that rather than having very secured, small events that presidents have done in the past, he tends to have these rather larger events. Now, US Secret Service are famous for being some of the most professional security services in the world. However, the United States of America does allow guns, not of course, in presidential rallies. What is unclear from the footage is whether the injury to Donald Trump was caused by gunfire or whether it was caused by him falling to the floor. One thing that we do know from the United States Secret Service is that the lectern itself is a bulletproof facility that can be used and he dropped to the floor when he was warned to do it. He did emerge from behind it and he was then surrounded by his security guards to which he fist-bumped the air. So, he's well enough to start... And I do think it is absolutely important to say to you that there is no question that Donald Trump has been fatally injured. There's no question that there is anything other than a very, very nasty incident that's taken place. We're unsure as to whether the injury... We can tell you there was definitely blood on his ear and shots were fired and he did have crowd, unfortunately, behind him. There's crowd stood behind him, which also is concerning. I'll also say that we have seen footage in talk of him being put into his motorcade. Also, to be fair, he was stood up. He fist-bumped, as you said. We did see some blood coming from his ear. He looked dishevelled and he had blood on his ear, but he did stand up with his security team around him. And I want to ask all of you now about the hatred that exists in politics, about this whole thing about Nigel Farage, milkshakes being thrown all over people. You know, we don't think that Donald Trump is going to die tonight, but what we do think is that the behaviour of people towards politicians is unacceptable. You know, if you come face to face with a politician that you disagree with, just argue with them, say you don't agree with them. I have to say this incident is a reminder, Danielle, as the Nigel Farage make-up... milkshake incident is a reminder that some people don't want to do democracy. They want to do violence. It's a shame because I think... I do feel that people are being pushed to the limit. I think when people feel that they're not being represented or heard, then you will find that people will make extreme decisions, which is obviously outrageous. But, yeah, it's not... Interestingly enough, obviously, this is politics and we do happen to have someone in politics, in the studio, with us this evening. I'm just going to throw to you, Finn. He's been... I'm sorry. Finn Adams, this is fantastic. Danielle, if you look at that footage, I'm sure he's been hit. You don't know... He's OK. He's OK, but I'm sure. No, you can't say that. We can say for sure. Well, apologies. We can say that he's been shot at. Apologies. Apologies. This is my opinion. This is my opinion. But it's very clear to me that he's been hit. That's my opinion. That's his opinion. Yeah, that's... I wouldn't say so because... Because you're legally obliged to... Well, yeah, because we don't know. That's why you're here. Instantly that the shots were fired, Donald Trump had instantly ducked down behind the barrier, which is who's say his problem politically. Here's what I want to say. He could have injured himself. Donald Trump is clearly alive. Donald Trump has got into his station wagon. But as shots were fired, he did put his hand to his ear. Forget all that. Forget all that. Donald Trump is clearly alive. Donald Trump is clearly in his station wagon. But here's the phone call and discussion that I want to have with you. Why have we become so hate-filled? Why is politics...? You know, when I was a little kid, all we would do is argue over a dinner table. Guns and bloody throwing... I honestly believe that... If people feel like they're not being heard, then... You can't justify this. No, I'm not justifying it. I'm just saying, you're asking me why. And I think it's because people must feel like they're not being heard or represented. OK, so... And that sends people to make you stupid things. OK, so you've heard this. 03444991000. That's why I'm glad we don't live in a country where you can have a gun. Well, no... Just saying. But that's not what you said, Danielle. What you said was, in these circumstances of a lack of democracy, people will turn to violence. Now, I understand why you've said that, and I think it's a reasonable comment to make. But how can we return democracy to these countries? How can we ensure that we don't end up in a situation where violence takes place? And do you know something about this? Doesn't this link back to what we were talking about at the beginning, about the fact that government is so distant from ordinary people, where a minor infraction ends up that you have your life destroyed? You know, what are we going to find out about this government? We're going to find out that he was part of a group of people who feel disenfranchised.