 Okay, it was March 1978. It was early in the morning. It was like 6.30 in the morning. It was a Friday. And it was at the Harry S. Truman Presidential Library in Independence, Missouri. But it was 6.30 in the morning. The library wasn't due to open up until regular business hours that day. But a security guard working at the library that Friday morning decided he needed to go check something out. Because randomly, a woman pulled up into a parking lot in the back part of the Harry S. Truman Presidential Library. She parked her Oldsmobile in that parking lot. Again, it's hours until the library opens up. She parked her car there. She got out of her car, and she started pacing around kind of aimlessly and weirdly. And there was a security guard on site, but he noticed this was odd. This woman was acting weirdly in the back parking lot. And so the security guard went over to that side of the building, the back side of the library, to look out into the parking lot to try to figure out what was going on with this woman, what she was doing. And when he took that walk over to the back of the presidential library, that's when the thieves struck at the front of the presidential library. The front doors of the Harry S. Truman Presidential Library were made of glass, while that security guard was at the back of the library, the other end of the building, looking out at this woman in the parking lot, who was apparently there to create a diversion, while he was on the other side of the building. Two thieves came and smashed in the glass of the front doors of the library. It was very loud. It caused a huge commotion. The security guard came running. The security guard then heard more glass smashing. But they apparently knew what they were after, and it went very fast. They were in and out before anybody could catch them. The curator later told the Kansas City Star the whole heist took less than a minute by the time the security guard got back to where those guys had broken in. All that was left was a bunch of broken glass and footprints in the snow. Turns out what they were after were these. Look at all these big old swords and daggers. A little known fact about the Harry Truman presidency is that he apparently loved this stuff. When he was president, he was given as gifts a bunch of these things. It was nothing inappropriate about it. He didn't keep them for himself. He handed them over to the National Archives. They were put on display at his presidential library and museum. Look, here's the FBI wanted poster offering a reward of up to $10,000 for the information leading to the recovery of the swords stolen from the Truman presidential library or the arrest and conviction of the individuals responsible. There's an actual FBI wanted poster for the swords and daggers. Here if you want even more detail, here's the whole website version of the wanted poster. Not just pictures, but detailed description of the swords and the daggers and all the jewels and the origins of them with information about how to report information about it if you come across any of these things. This website is at the website of the National Archives because it turns out the National Archives, your National Archives, our National Archives as Americans, they've got a detective unit. Their inspector general's office has an investigations unit and they specifically have an archival recovery program full of investigators who do detective work to go capture people who mess with the National Archives and steal stuff from the National Archives. So they've got like a cold case squad on the heist of Harry Truman's bedazzled sword and dagger collection. People disparage like a history degree. One of the things you could do with just the right history degree and just the right set of skills is you could grow up to be a history cop who busts people for pilfering stuff or messing with stuff in the National Archives of the United States. What? The world is your oyster. That's the coolest job in the entire world. Politico.com has just reported that those cops are the cops on the case, at least on part of the case, of the Republicans who forged fake documents after the 2020 election asserting that they were the real electors from their states when they were not the real electors from their states. We have been closely covering this weird story of Republicans in multiple states who created forged documents to say they were electors when they were not. Kyle Cheney and Nicholas Wu at Politico.com have now reported that in pursuing that story themselves, and they've done groundbreaking work on that story, they have obtained records indicating that National Archives investigators have pursued a case of potential fraud against a slate of would-be Trump electors in the state of Arizona. An Archives Inspector General official said the agency declined to comment on, quote, ongoing work. Ongoing work. We know that the attorneys general in New Mexico and in Michigan have referred to federal prosecutors, have referred to U.S. attorneys in those states, these Republicans who forged fake-electered documents so they could potentially be criminally prosecuted at the federal level. We don't know if those referrals will ultimately result in federal prosecutions, but that's what the attorneys general are asking for in those states. We know that in at least one of those states in Michigan, the attorney general there, Dana Nessel, has said if the feds don't pursue charges against those Republican fake-electors, the state will pursue state charges against them. But apparently there's yet another option being pursued as an ongoing matter by the cops at the National Archives, by the investigators at the National Archives, involving one of the two sets of forged documents sent in to the National Archives by Arizona Republicans pretending to be electors when in fact they were not. Tell me more.