 Hello everyone, welcome back to Decodis political circle and I got some big news for you guys today. So Michigan, Michigan, one of the states you would not expect this to happen to is showing a Trump point five lead in the RCP average. And by the way, the pollster that really shifted this into place was Quinnipiac Quinnipiac. So one of the most democratic pollsters you can get is showing a Trump plus four in the state of Michigan. This isn't Wisconsin, this isn't Pennsylvania, this is Michigan, a state that is to the left of Wisconsin and Pennsylvania and many other states. So Michigan having a Trump lead is a massive blow to Harris and it's also a huge gain for Trump. There's also many other things I also want to show you as well. But it is really crazy that Michigan officially leads for Trump by a point five margin in the average. Now obviously Quinnipiac is a crappy pollster, but for the Dems this is a horrific thing because they always wait for Quinnipiac to show their Dem polling. And for some reason for Michigan it was the exact opposite. Now here's what actually was in the Quinnipiac poll. Now I just want to tell you that the PA is actually not Trump, it's Harris. He actually edited it down here. PA is Harris plus three, not Trump plus three. So they were pretty wrong in the PA department. But in Wisconsin they did a Trump plus two and Michigan they did a Trump plus three. And then I have these polls as well which are really interesting. So Arizona Harris plus one which is very weird. Georgia Ty, Michigan Trump plus three which is very odd. And Nevada Ty, North Carolina Ty, Pennsylvania Ty and the Wisconsin Harris plus one and that's a B pollster. So if all of that is real, which I don't think any of it's really realistic, but if the races are that close that means more of a Trump lead than anything because Trump is always under polled. So if Trump is that close in any of those states that really helps him out a bunch. But some of them are very odd like Arizona and Georgia being a Ty is odd and then Pennsylvania, the other ones kind of make sense. Michigan is very odd as well. But I mean Quinnipiac did come out with a Trump plus three. So I mean you never know, you never know what's going on. And to show you right here. So Trump leads point five in Michigan. Now look at Pennsylvania right here. He leads point two. Now there's the Quinnipiac poll we talked about. It is a Harris plus two. But he does lead barely. But Trump does lead in Pennsylvania as well. So this is already an electoral college victory for Trump. He has Michigan if you see Michigan and then you look at Wisconsin here. You look at Wisconsin. Harris barely leads in Wisconsin. Remember Trump is severely always under polled in Wisconsin. So if he's almost winning Wisconsin he's going to really do well in the state of Wisconsin. There's also some other states too like Arizona is doing pretty well. Man Nevada. Nevada is interesting because it's showing a Harris one point one. That's probably the most interesting one out of all the swing states because for some odd reason they really like Harris. I'm assuming because of the Bloomberg poll. The Bloomberg poll has a Harris plus seven which is odd. Then there's North Carolina a Trump a decent Trump lead. And he got Georgia there a decent Trump lead as well. So overall Trump is winning the electoral college in this scenario. And even show you right here. Let me just show you. So let's just say like based on all of this. So let's say Trump wins Georgia. Trump wins North Carolina. He wins Arizona. Now he needs one of these states. Let's just say he wins Michigan. He wins the election. Let's say he wins Wisconsin. He wins the election. Let's say he wins Pennsylvania. He wins the election. Let's say he wins Nevada which this is the oddest one. But let's say he wins in Nevada. He doesn't win the election. But the Rust Belt is the biggest advantage here. If Trump was one of these states and also Arizona Georgia and North Carolina he wins the election no matter what. If he just wins one of these three states and if he's leading in two of those states which remember Michigan is the more left leaning state out of them. So if he's leading in a state like Michigan over Wisconsin then Trump's just going to sweep every single one of these states and have a 3 0 6 2 3 3 which technically this is my prediction from my prediction video. Now Nevada it's an odd one out because Harris does lead but you never know Trump can over perform and then how and sweep everything across the board and have a 3 12 to 2 26. You can see him maybe make gains in Virginia Minnesota New York California. You never know. Trump could have a landslide victory if everything gets put into place. But as of right now this is kind of what it kind of looks like based on margins and stuff like that. But let's just say realistically if you say the polls like all the polls together like realistically based on averages. This is what's showing right now. So it'd be to 96 to 242. Trump overwhelmingly wins the election in this scenario. I believe he also gets close to winning the popular vote. I'm not sure if he'd won the popular vote but it's possible. I know if he swept all of the rust belt and then won these states I could see him winning the popular vote in that scenario. But just to show you different scenarios this right here is based on the average like the averages. So but then based on like margins of like error and like Trump underperforming I mean overperforming polls you have kind of like this scenario. This is the kind of scenario you would see right here. I wouldn't say Nevada because Nevada if I show you actually let me show you Nevada. So if you look in Nevada here Harris has a 1.1 lead but then when you look when he faced Biden it was the exact same as the RCP average. And then when I show you Hillary Clinton when he faced Hillary Clinton Trump was in the lead in Nevada and Hillary Clinton overwhelmingly won Nevada. So Nevada is a pretty odd state when it comes to this. You could say Nevada shifted to the right. I think they have shifted to the right. Now do you think they'll overperform for Trump. That's the thing. You just really don't know. I do think Nevada could be the state that Trump picks up out of nowhere. Like he's expecting to like win Pennsylvania Michigan Wisconsin in this scenario like based on all the errors and also the the under polling by him. And let's just say he won Nevada like 312 to 226. This is exactly the board you want for Trump. And him him picking up several states as well as like sneaking in Nevada. That's just a really good Trump one there. It would be cool to see Virginia but it's just not going to happen. I don't see Virginia happening. I think it'll be close but it's not going to be that close. But this could really be the map come November. You never know. Now in my opinion I think the map will probably be this but it is possible and Nevada can flip the Trump. But just showing you all the polling and stuff. I mean Trump. Trump is just pushing ahead and closing the gap in so many states. Like look at this. Let me show you Michigan again. Look at this. Harris led almost since she almost since Biden withdrew and Trump finally has lead in the state of Michigan. He it's almost the election time and he already almost has he already has a lead. He has a lead in the state of Michigan. And when you look at Wisconsin he's already closing the gap like the gap is getting closer and closer. He's going to close the gap sooner or later in Wisconsin. Then you got Pennsylvania. The Pennsylvania has been a little iffy all throughout. That's probably the key state here for anyone. But he's really been closing the gap since Harris withdrew. I mean Biden withdrew. So it's just it just shows that Trump is making gains. And Nevada is the only odd one out here. I don't really see him making gains yet. I mean you never know. It can't happen. It's only a one point lead. But just to show you it's just crazy that the state of Michigan can can possibly vote for Trump. And he is up in the actual average in a state like Michigan. I would have never thought by Election Day that Trump would have been leading in the average in Michigan. That's just an odd thing to see. And I'm all for it. But I bet it is still crazy to think that Trump is in the lead in a state like Michigan Michigan a state that just votes almost straight liberal. Honestly I think it's mainly because of the Palestine and Israel thing. A lot of people are against Harris in that community with people that support Palestine and stuff like that as well as the people in those cultures. So I know they probably don't support Trump but they're probably not going to vote for Harris because of that. Luckily she didn't pick Shapiro or it would have been even worse. But just to tell you guys I just want to show you like the gains Trump's been making Michigan actually leading for Trump in the actual average. It's just crazy to see. But I just wanted to show you everything guys just to show you how much Trump's really been making gains in all of these states. Trump can really make this map happen or even this map or even this map. You just never know when it comes to Election Day. But yeah guys I just wanted to bring this up today because it was it was massive news. It's just something you just never see. So I did want to bring that up with you guys. But anyway guys I hope you guys enjoy things so much watching. Hope you guys watch my prediction videos. I had to do them early if you guys didn't know I had to do them early because Election Day is coming up very very soon. So when Election Day gets very close which I'll actually be posting my presidential prediction the day before the election. So it'll be in a different order than it usually is. So it'll be governor prediction, Senate prediction and then presidential prediction. Which makes more sense. Especially when you're that close to an election because you really want to be hyped up about everything when it goes into it. Anyway guys I don't want to keep adding on. I just wanted to say that I hope you guys have been joining the content. I've been loving your messages. Your messages have been awesome in the comments. I've been love love to see them. I love the support. It's really awesome to see how many people are supporting the channel. But anyway guys I hope you guys enjoyed. Thank you so much for watching. I'll see you guys in the next one.