 I'm being told at times that these are like right wing values. I'm like, are you insane? This is literally the fundamental values that made America what it is today. Is Kamala Harris going to be the next president of the United States of America? For someone who has, um, you know, sort of claims to be doing good, but actually he's not, you know, he is tearing down the fabric of society. So terrible. Yeah. So, but I think it's just unbelievable that we, that you should be able to feel safe walking around American cities. And it's not just, you know, Philadelphia has a challenge. New York has a challenge. Every major city in the US, like my, you know, my mom lives in New York, for example. Three of her friends have been assaulted on the street this year. You know, it's like, and it's getting worse. And now if when she takes her dog for a walk, she has to stay inside of the building so that she can call for help if need be. This is not the future we want. And if we get four more years of this, I mean, we're going to be fully Mad Max, you know? And it's like, it's nice to watch a Mad Max movie, but we don't want to be in the Mad Max movie. Y'all here to have a little bit of fun? I like that. Would y'all mind if I like pick on Donald Trump a little bit? It's a lot of what I love doing is I love helping companies become successful, which is why this election is so important to me and to all of us. This election is a battle for entrepreneurs. This election is a battle for small business. Do we have any entrepreneurs in the house? Anybody who ever started a small business works at a small business. I do not like to hear. I got some interesting information for you. Did you know that there are 33 million businesses in this country? 33 million. That's a lot. But did you know that 99.5% of them are small businesses? That's insane. When you think about it, the big guys only have one half. Of 1% are big companies. And that's why Kamala Harris wants to grow the number of small businesses in this country from 33 million to more than 50 million. Let's say you're a pro sports team. You want to win the champion. Then you base on your team, obviously, because they help the whole team win. The same is true for immigration. If we have this sort of equivalent of Kobe Bryant or Steph Curry or LeBron or something like that, they want to join the team. Absolutely, of course. Do you like winning? Yeah, okay. But if they can't play basketball, they shouldn't be joining. So that's real important. And then something that doesn't get a lot of attention is the fact that the federal government is spending America into bankruptcy, which is crazy. It's sort of naturally what leads to inflation is that when the government spends more than it brings in, that's what causes inflation. Yeah, it's just a pernicious tax. Let me just ask you a question. You all know anybody who doesn't know how tariffs work? Yeah. All right, I'll give you a hint. That other guy. Now, he has this crazy, crazy, crazy notion that putting a tariff of 60% on every single product imported from China is a good idea. Let me just tell you, this man has so little understanding of tariffs, he thinks that China pays for them. This is the same guy who also thought that Mexico would pay for the wall. So there's no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You know, we all know that across the board tariffs are tax on everybody. All the major economists have said so. Kamala has talked about it over and over again. But you know, I'm going to give him a little bit of credit. I honestly think that he used to understand how tariffs work. I mean, back in the 90s and the early 2000s, he was a little bit coherent when he talked about trade policy and he actually made a little bit of sense. But I don't know what happened to him. The way he's been thinking about tariffs and trade now, something's a little bit lost. And now his trade policies, particularly with tariffs, are basically just gibberish. Do you hear what I'm saying? Thank you. Thank you. But wait, it gets worse when it comes to tariffs with Donald Trump. It gets a lot worse. Hear me. I'm sounding like Colin. Hear me when I say. Hear me when I say that Donald Trump wants you to have a lousy Christmas. Donald Trump. Donald Trump is the Grinch that wants to steal your Christmas. I think the ones that resonate, for me at least, are we want safer cities, we want a secure border, we want sensible government spending, we want support of the Constitution and the freedom of speech, right to bear arms. And that's what Donald Trump is going to do. If Donald Trump is elected, that 60 percent across the board of tariffs, or even worse, can put them out of business, which is exactly why we need Kamala Harris to be the next president of the United States of America. So I'm going to ask you all one more question. I'm asking one question and I want a hell yes. I haven't asked a question yet. Maybe you're going to be multiple hell yeses. Are you going to work to help Kamala Harris be elected? Are you going to go and talk to every single person you know and ask them and help them vote for Kamala Harris? Is Kamala Harris going to be the next president of the United States of America?