 We're entering the final stretch of the election and both candidates are hitting the ground in key battleground states. Former President Trump and Vice President Harris will converge in Michigan today. Their rallies come as recent polling shows black voters are drifting away from Democrats. For context, in 2020 Biden won the White House with 90 percent of the black vote. At this point, polls show only nearly eight out of ten black voters support Kamala Harris. Is that drop off big enough to endanger Harris's chances at winning key battleground states? Political has reported that the Harris campaign has been chaotic and fallen short in this must win state and in the must win city of brotherly love Philadelphia. Joining us now to discuss it all is Pennsylvania State Democratic Representative from the 200th District, Representative Chris Rab. Thanks for joining us. So Rep. Rab, I have so many questions because you are in the heart of it. Your district has the highest turnout in the entire state. And so you know how important that area is for Democrats to turn out while they're also campaigning in other parts of the state that are probably a little bit less Democratic leaning and focusing on those important swing voters right now. So compared to let's say 2016 or even 2012 or 2008, I want to leave 2020 out because it was an anomaly. There were so many mail-in votes. It was a pandemic. And I think that that we are over focusing on those numbers. But compared to previous years, how is it looking right now on the ground? It's hard to say because it's really apples and oranges. We in the state legislature amended the election code to allow for mail-in voting, which changed the game in 2020. And like you said, it was during a pandemic, social upheaval, and many pushbacks to this new law that allowed for drop boxes and satellite election offices and essentially early voting. So there was a lot of drama around that. So this is the first time that we will see a presidential election come to Pennsylvania where we have a track record around these new provisions and opportunities for voters to express themselves leading up to election day. So it's really hard to say this race has been anomalous as well on both sides, certainly in terms of how Trump is campaigning and with the switch from Biden to Harris. So there's a lot of upheaval on both sides. So it's really hard to say. But I would say how I would describe this moment is Harris is using a Biden infrastructure with Obama vibes. And that's a little nerve-wracking because the Biden infrastructure is problematic because it did not involve hardcore grassroots organizing that was kind of characteristic of the Obama ascendancy. But we have the Obama vibes, which is good. We don't know if it would translate using an infrastructure that is not really based on hardcore organizing. And that's what we're seeing, any kind of dysfunction or concerns happening on the ground in Philadelphia and other places. And we'll see if that dysfunction narrows the margin of victory for Kamala Harris because I think she will pull it out. The question is, will Democrats be our own worst enemies, as is often the case, sadly? Speaking of the former president, Barack Obama, he was recently in your state making a pitch for Kamala Harris and specifically to black volunteers at a campaign stop in Pittsburgh, suggesting that they didn't want to vote for her because they had some hang-ups about a woman being president. You represent a majority black district. I think you said it's about 75 percent. When you're talking to people in your constituency, what are they telling you about maybe some of their concerns about a Kamala Harris presidency? And does that line up with what Obama was telling those campaign workers? My three predecessors were black women. So that is not an issue. With any male constituency, like in the previous segment, there is sexism. There are men across the ideological spectrum, but probably in many more rights, who will not vote for women. But that is not particularly pronounced among black men. There's nothing to suggest that any black men who are choosing to vote for Trump. I think I don't know how to understand those folks. I don't. So I'm not even going to speculate. But I can say that black women are the single most loyal Democratic voters. And number two, black men. So the fact that we're talking about black men who are stalwarts in the Democratic Party, I think is problematic and is a narrative pushed by the corporate media for clicks. I don't think there's a lot of substance there. Rep. Raby, it's an interesting point, because as I mentioned earlier, we're really focusing on those 2020 numbers. And that's what the media is looking at, is the comparisons between Joe Biden and Kamala Harris's numbers this time around, when that was a complete anomaly of a year given the pandemic. But historically, the numbers are actually on par right now with black men. With that being said, there is a problem with some men, especially those under the age of 40, peeling off and going more in a right wing direction. On the counter, women under 40 and women across the board and seniors now for the first time since 2000 are moving in line with Kamala Harris. So what I find so interesting, and you're in Pennsylvania, so please help me understand this. How is it that given her coalition is so much larger than his, including never Trumpers and folks who don't want to support him because of the January 6th, how is his coalition, which is smaller, measuring up in the numbers, they're equal in the numbers right now when her coalition is bigger and women are more reliable voters? I'm just not understanding it. Help me interpret this. You're a Pennsylvanian. I have no idea what's going on with the vibe is happening there. I just don't get it. You know what? I don't get it either. This could be an electoral blowout with Harris winning a significant amount of beyond 270 electoral votes nationwide. But in Pennsylvania, it's really hard to put my finger on anything because there are a lot of folks who don't want to say who they're voting for. Remember Hillary Clinton? She was supposed to have won Pennsylvania in 2016. She lost by 44000 votes. Biden eked by with 80000 votes in 2020. And the only poll that matters is the actual election. Everything else is just guesswork. But we do know what works on the ground, knocking on doors, talking to your neighbors and not bringing in folks, DC consultants and folks who don't understand the neighborhoods and the constituencies that need to be nudged to come out to vote. It's and that's that's the hallmark of my campaigns. The reason I'm so proud to represent such a high voter turnout district, a majority black district with all within the city of Philadelphia is because there's a culture of civic engagement. But also adding to that is campaigns that knock doors and listen to people at the doors, right. And listen to their neighbors. I hired a youth squad that we trained and we paid twenty one dollars an hour to go out to talk to folks. That's what works. It's not the surrogacy. It is not the concert, not sending out celebrities to do the work that canvassers paid canvassers from those communities should do. And that's the challenge I have with the infrastructure that Kamala Harris inherited from the Biden team. And when you're sitting on half a billion dollars of campaign funds, I got to ask, why aren't you making those investments? If it's as close as people think, the most meaningful thing you can do is invest in those communities who where there's not high voter turnout expected. If you go to black voters and they actually come out, we'll vote the right way. And as a Democrat, that means voting Democrat up and down the ticket. I did want to follow up a little bit on what you said about not really understanding why some disaffected Democrats might be supporting Trump. Do you think it's a little problematic that you don't understand? Have you tried to have those conversations with those voters and what is it that they have told you? And then apologies, but I'm going to add a second question onto that as well, because we're close to running out of time. But do you think that Kamala Harris choosing Governor Shapiro as her running mate could have given her the boost that she would have needed in Pennsylvania to make this less tight? There would be no Kamala Harris ascendancy if it were not for the uncommitted movement in Pennsylvania that garnered sixty five thousand people who withheld their vote in the Democratic primary to say we have specific policy concerns with Biden and we do not we do not want to move forward until he corrects them. It was not just one bad performance in a presidential debate. So having Josh Shapiro on the ticket might have helped in some areas, but it would have hurt in other areas. And remember, young voters have different priorities, whether it's climate action. Governor Shapiro is an energy agnostic. So he is pro fracking in a state where most people don't even know what fracking is, even though we're the second largest producer of fracked gas. We want jobs. We want a clean environment. So, you know, the kind of belief that because Pennsylvania is fracking central outside of Texas, it is not on the minds of the average voters, not on the minds of black voters. And I don't hear anyone in my district, again, the bluest district in the entire state talking about let me think about voting for Trump. I have Republicans, not many in my district who would never vote for Trump. So that's really not an issue. Black men, considering Trump, is is a leprechaun riding a unicorn. That's that's the reality. So with that, there was this ad that came out about healthy masculinity. I'm sure you saw it. And there's been a whole conversation about healthy masculinity to try to woo over. Doesn't matter where they're what what demographic they are, woo over some of the men that are starting to peel off or may stay at home, may not feel like they have permission to vote for Kamala Harris, whether they're cognizant or not of maybe internalized misogyny or not. So I'm going to ask you, Rep. Rabb, you have been really bold. You've pushed forward some bills like some reproductive rights bills. You know where I'm going with this. A vasectomy bill. Can you tell me what what your interpretation of healthy masculinity is? And if that's working with men in your district and the way that you're interpreting is playing out when men turn out the polls. Yeah, I mean, if you're trying to engage misogynists a few weeks before the election, you're wasting your time. Right. This is deeply rooted sexism, racism, classism. These are things that infect our society and to a greater or lesser extent, every American. You're not going to change anyone's mind who is a misogynist who believes that women do not have the capacity or the right to run for any office. So I believe those folks should be ignored. You said you don't sell soap to people who don't wash. Right. So you focus on the people who are already oriented to do the right thing, but may need that nudge. But I don't have a lot of experience other than working in the state capital with toxic masculinity. I was raised by strong black women and black men who respected them as equals. This is how I raised my sons. So I don't spend a lot of time with folks who have such problematic mentalities. I focus on the people who are disaffected who say I don't know if I want to come out and vote. I don't know if it's going to make a difference. And then I try to listen to them and explain to them that voting is not a love letter. It is a way to hold candidates to account for the collective priorities you care most about based on the communities you are closely affiliated with. And that is a much different way of talking to folks than talking about lesser of two evils or this candidate is great. This other candidate is awful. That kind of nuance people appreciate. It's authentic and it's real. All right. Representative Rob, thank you so much for joining us on Rising. We'll be back with more after this.