 Yesterday, we saw an absolutely terrifying scene at what was supposed to be a Trump town hall rally in Oaks, Pennsylvania. After answering just a couple of questions amid multiple medical emergencies in the crowd, Donald Trump simply stood on stage for nearly 40 minutes as music played, doing nothing but swaying, looking disoriented and sometimes acting like he was conducting the music. The event co-host was Republican Governor Kristi Noem. She was treating Trump like nurses at a memory unit for patients with Alzheimer's will treat their patients gently reminding Trump what's going on and what he's supposed to be doing. The audience was at times bored at other times, visibly concerned and confused about why this was happening. Here is Trump attempting to wrap up the town town hall after just a few questions. He said he was going to take more questions than he raps. Music plays. Trump stands around looking confused. I've never seen anything like open. That feels good. It does. I feel it right now. I don't know who's out there trying to get in, but there. But you know what? I feel it. Doesn't that feel nice? Yes. And you don't even have there's nothing like outdoors. You don't even have the cost of an air conditioner if they have them in this beautiful factory anyway. Go ahead, please. Well, sir, do you want to play your song and then greet a few people or do you want to? Trump says what what song he had just mentioned he wanted to play a song. Well, you had said you wanted to close with a specific song. OK, let's do a couple of more fast questions. So Justin, how about a couple of really beauties and we'll sit down, relax. Let me just give you the bottom line, though. So then Trump ranting a little bit more before they go on to the next song, which is just absolutely bizarre. Trump then standing on stage as songs play and doing that thing where he hinges at the waist and leans forward, looking extraordinarily confused. Yeah. It did. I know you might think, well, there must be something missing here, David, from like what you're showing me, something else might be going on. No, I mean, this went on for 40 minutes. It doesn't make any sense, but it's it's what Trump did at the rally. Here's more. All right. So Guns N' Roses, I'm sure not pleased with Trump's music being used. Then Trump conducting during a classic funeral song, which maybe is emblematic and metaphorical for what's going on with Trump's campaign. I don't know. Go and vote. Let me hear that music, please. Everyone, let's thank President Trump. I should laugh. God bless you. Let's send President Trump back to the White House. Imagine standing in line for however, however many hours you do it and then Trump plays 40 minutes of music. They get to hallelujah. Trump says no one is leaving, but widespread reports about people heading for the hills. Thank you. Nobody's leaving. What's going on? There's nobody leaving. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Should we keep going? All right. Turn that music up. Turn it up. Great song. It goes like this. The fourth, the fifth, the minor fall. All right. Genuinely difficult to watch. Genuinely difficult to watch. Kamala Harris tweeting in response to this with the video. Hope he's OK. Hope he's OK. Ending well wishes. And then finally, one more video here in which Trump has been standing on stage awkwardly for 20 minutes instead of answering questions. I'm truly one of the strangest rallies ever. And again, raising questions about Donald Trump's mental fitness. Kamala Harris not only tweeting about it, but she played one of these gaff reels at a rally in Pennsylvania.