 We're here live in Butler, PA at another merch booth during the Trump rally. And I love to see the hustle. I love to see the grind. And I see these entrepreneurs right here selling their merch, making their money. I love to see it. Can you just explain what you got going on here and who you are? Well, you're my name is Derek. I'm we're based out of Midwest. And just to add on to what you were saying, you know, we are entrepreneurs. We're businessmen at the same time, though. This is, you know, what America was built off was free enterprise, free marketing to where you could own your own business, make money, no, without having a corporation with that, you know, you could go out on the street and just make your money. You know, I'm not saying that Trump is definitely going to fix that, but he's definitely the right person right now as you know, for the people, we, the people, what was the new democracies, what the, um, I'm sorry, the Constitution, who's, who's what was written off of, you know, so it's all about us, the people. And as long as, you know, you take care of us, you, this guy, you know, his kids take care of the future generations, then this is what is going to help to create the economy, better jobs, open up everything else, you know, and that's, that's really, that's all I have to say about it. Really. And I love it. And so if you have anything to say to anybody who's undecided, who needs to know who to vote for, what would you tell them? Just honestly, do your research. Um, you know, if you don't feel like you don't necessarily like this person, don't just say, Hey, I'm going to go, you want to know what all the policies, you want to know all the judges, the senators, all, you know, you want to know what you're voting for because when you vote, it's, it's too late. So make sure to do your research and just to, you know, just to do your diligent, you know, background, check all your running mates and make sure it's the person that you want to vote for is what you're truly aligned with as far as your beliefs and values. Awesome. Thank you so much. I appreciate you. No problem. Thank you. And can I get, can I get him to walk me down? Yeah. I want to switch it up. What's the name? Jason. Jay. He just wants to, he wants to do it. I just want to do a walkthrough and talk to you. So we're here at the merch booth once again with Jay. Can you just walk us through some of the stuff that you have here? I love it. You got had, you got wild. You got purses. What's going on here? We're in a customization. So, you know, I had to do from my boy Trump, I had to do the red, white, and blue chain, the phone chain with the gold. I mean, he just fits Trump. And, uh, since we're, you know, the most iconic photo ever of a president had to do the fight, I got that on everything flags, yard signs, shirts. Yeah. Let's walk. Let's walk down this line. Got one of my favorites. Also this custom cowboy hat. Love that. You know, love that. Love that. Beautiful hat right there. Beautiful. Looks good on ladies too. Then this one, we got the fleece lining on there. Great, great toboggan. We call them beanies where I'm from, but out here, I think they're toboggan. Right. Beanies. All right. Cool. Beanies, scullies. Yes, sir. Got, she's looking at the custom blings. These are custom. None of these other guys out here got these. That's beautiful. For the ladies. Ladies. I love the ladies. So I have to do them for, you know, my Trump girls. Got to take care of them. Women for Trump, Trump girls, they're hardcore supporters. They love our president and they always show up for him. So I got it. I can't forget about them, my friend. This is what we need. You know, I mean, this is the future generations, man. I mean, like heck, I'm 39 now. I couldn't wait to get out there and get a job when I was 14. 14, you know, nowadays got to be 16. I feel like maybe if they lower the job age, they might have better job rates. Take it down to 14. Why not? You need people. I mean, like we're struggling, man. We're struggling. Kids don't want to work, you know? I mean, give them the opportunity, more opportunities. You know, I don't necessarily agree with more money, more problems, but it's going to create those avenues and open up doors for the kids, you know? So heck, if there were kids out here, I could put them to work. And this just shows you that Trump is opening up the economy and helping jobs, man, all time high when he was in office. I mean, it's just the facts, you know, so are you a Marine? No, no, no, I'm not. I was about to say I saw I saw the EGA there. I was like, oh, no, sir. I don't, I don't take, uh, you know, credit. I get what you're saying. No, I'm a Marine. So I was just, yeah, yeah, Semper Fi, Semper Fi. I appreciate you. No, man. Thank you. No, thank you for the service. Everybody in America, whether veteran, civilian, whoever it is, everybody has their job, everybody has their role. Everybody contributes in the way that they do. We can't do it without civilians and civilians can't do it without military. So I feel like everybody's equal in that right. I agree with you, brother. You know, then we just got a lot of custom shirts, you know, nice soft styles. I use the Heather colors. You know, I got a lot of stuff. These other guys, I try to be unique, my friend, try to be different set aside. So I love what I do is a passion. So I take it real seriously. You know, got all the flags, make custom flags as well. Got some beautiful all these flags up here. Oh, yeah. Those are just a few. I use that guy about 40, 50 custom flags I use, but couldn't bring them all out here. Yeah, it's great. You know, it's great to be out here in the atmosphere. You know, the good energy this America should be all united is one. What made you want to come out here and sell merch to the people and interact with the people and support Donald J. Trump? Well, first of all, we're in Butler and this is where an attempt, the first attempt on this man's life was July 13th. So I feel this is for him to come back here, another act of defiance. All the people that are trying to kill him, you know, just to show him that you can't stop this movement. It's too big to rig. We're not going to be stopped. We're not going to be silenced. We're taking this country back. We're going to take it back in November and it's going to get done. So I had to come to Butler. This most iconic rally to come to. It's going to be people from all over the United States. I've been seeing here, California, Texas, all over. This is iconic location. Like I said, you know, you got shot, you got shot here. So so if you had to say one thing to people who were undecided to if there was people who were undecided and didn't know who to vote for this election, what would you tell them? You know what? I just say vote for vote for America. Vote for vote for what really makes sense. Don't vote for something that you don't believe in just because, you know, you appeal to your friend or Instagram or any of this nonsense. What's right is right. What's wrong is wrong. We need to take this country back. And Kamala is not the answer. She is definitely, she's had four years to do it. She didn't do anything. Trump, maybe Trump 2024. We're taking this country back. We're taking it back. Let's go. Let's go. Appreciate you, Jay. God bless you, my friend. There's a lot of policies out there from Kamala Harris that she says that she is going to boost the economy with, boost the country with, stimulate people's bank accounts with. One of them is she's going to give 25,000 to new homeowners. What do you think about that? What do you think that's going to do for the economy? Wow. I mean, as being just a real estate investor and being somebody who's in real estate, that's going to really, it's going to cause, it could possibly cause another crash. I mean, it's not going to be good for people who actually own because they're not going to sell their house. I mean, it's going to be too expensive for number one, for somebody to buy a house. Thank God the feds decreased the rates, but at the same time, people are not going to be able to find houses because nobody's going to be selling them. It's going to be way too expensive under her proposed tax increase. So as a real estate businessman, that is one of the main reasons why I feel like that she's not, as far as the economy goes, she's definitely not the right person for that. You know, when you see, you go to these rallies, you'll see just the people out here, they put a lot of time, effort into making this what it is. And, you know, it's just, we work hard to make, make a dollar and the dollar isn't even the dollar nowadays. So it's like, I'm working for less than that. And just, we just, we need somebody to get in here and to help the people, you know, and I don't think that that tax proposal is not what the American people, as far as, you know, the millennials and the young generations need at this moment, definitely not. It's almost the opposite. So, like I said, do your research guys. So simply let's simply put, if you hear that 25,000 is going to be discounted from the house as a homeowner, what would you do as a homeowner? I mean, I don't know. I probably try to sell, you know, try to sell my house for 25,000 more. Exactly. Yeah. I mean, that's that simple. So I just, I'm, I just, I can't fathom it right now. I'm still kind of in a shock. So I apologize, but yeah, yeah. That's what we'll see. We'll see. We'll see. Trump, Trump, man. We got, we need him. We need him. It's America. We need him. We need him. So thank you so much. I appreciate you brother. Thank you for everything that you did.