 the 2020 campaign. Welcome back, everybody. Both presidential candidates plan on blitzing swing states as the 2024 campaign enters its final stretch here. Alex Capriello is here to help break down where each candidate is today. What a Monday surprise. Let's start with VP Harris. She's in Michigan today. What's her game plan there? You can tell it's still a toss up. Those states that are colored yellow are essentially the swing states, the toss up, the battleground states we want to focus in on. You can tell that both candidates are focusing their attention on these states because they know it could be the difference maker of who takes the White House. Michigan is important because it's a part of the blue wall with Wisconsin and Pennsylvania. Let's take a look specifically at how these states and Michigan in this case have voted in the past. We remember that it was a very, very tight race both in 2016 and in 2020. Hillary Clinton just losing to Trump in 2016. Joe Biden basically reversing that by about 150,000 votes when it came to 2020. We want to focus in on specific counties that may make up the difference when it comes to this election. We'll begin here in Washington County, home to Ann Arbor, Michigan, where Kamala Harris is. It's right here just west of Detroit. Now we know that the Harris campaign has invested significant time, energy and money into visiting college campuses all across the country. They really want to energize that vote. We know that there are certain issues that young voters, particularly college students, pay attention to all of those rallies that had happened on college campuses when it came to the war in the Middle East. It's no different at University of Michigan and Ann Arbor. We expect her to strike a certain tone and messaging about that as well as talking about the economy, which of course is so big in Michigan. Again, the racial demographics pay particular attention to that here in southeastern Michigan because right next to Washington, our county, to the east, well, that's Wayne County, home to Detroit, but it's also home to Dearborn Michigan. It's got the largest Arab American population in the entire country. So again, Kamala Harris paying specific attention to Michigan, not just to speak to those young voters, but also to strike a certain message about what she will do differently when it comes to the war in the Middle East and hopefully that rings true to the people of Michigan. Yeah, and hopefully for her, pick up some gains in those suburbs in Michigan. Exactly. So maybe even make up for some of the disenchanted voters in the bigger cities, Detroit, Dearborn. And we know anecdotally that a lot of black voters are saying they are beginning to distance themselves from Kamala Harris and we know that that is such a huge base for the Democratic Party, so hopefully she can win some of those people back. Yeah, okay. We'll follow her trip closely. Alex, thank you so much. We'll check back in in just a little bit. Thanks for watching everybody. Go to joinnn.com to find News Nation on your television provider. Also, don't forget to click that red subscribe button below to get more News Nation's fact-driven, unbiased coverage.