 Plation she wouldn't do that over again either Maybe the worst of all and something that a lot of people don't hear about because look at all the papers This was Donald Trump's worst nightmare You see the empty seats there at this auditorium where he gave a speech this evening in Reading, Pennsylvania In addition to the empty seats in this auditorium people were leaving in the middle of Donald Trump's speech as well Let's show you when people were walking out on him something that makes him incredibly embarrassed play this clip How about the natural Gas export ban that is crushing, Pennsylvania right now Most of you don't even know about that in and all but and she will but if she ever won this thing You wouldn't be fracking for 24 hours But how about that and it's crushing, Pennsylvania hurting you it's going on We've got some photos as well of the empty auditorium here You can see the empty seats there in the back Donald Trump then claimed that That there's never people who leave and that this was a packed crowd. Here's what Donald Trump had to say about that play this clip Hey, we do a lot of these beautiful rallies and it's so great We never have an empty seat never have look at it 100,000 people in Butler Moore never have an amp But they said, you know as you go on You get angry even behind Donald Trump you see right there the one place where you should never have empty seats It's directly behind Donald Trump. You see the empty seats there as well By the way, this one individual posted a photo of the high school graduation They attended in the same auditorium that was more crowded than Donald Trump's speech So what was he even talking about? Well, this is what he had to say about women play this clip And the women are gonna like Trump. I think they like me anyway. I think it's all bullshit And it reminds me of what he said earlier in the day in Scranton, Pennsylvania when he was talking about wind here play this clip The wind the wind it sounds so wonderful the wind the wind the wind is wind is bullshit. I'll tell you it's See, it's just a bunch of ranting and raving and cursing Take a look at this. Here's what Donald Trump's talking about in Reading. He's talking about Howard Stern. Let's play it Otherwise, I'll say oh, you know, these guys are so bad a big part of our problem in this country. Are those people right back there? Big part of our problem we need a free and fair press badly desperately. I Watched the way they asked questions of Kamala yesterday Howard Stern he's a weak a weak guy. He's weak He's got all oh, what about all? It was so redo even she was embarrassed It was like softball, but all of them Howard I knew him very well. I was under show many times I used to think he was good then I dropped him and he I dropped him like a dog and His ratings are very challenged very Challenged but then Donald Trump says that he could have been on a beautiful beach But he didn't have to be there so he then insults the audience that's walking out on him play this clip fight for you I didn't have to be here. I could be in a beautiful beach. I could be in a gorgeous beach somewhere in the world There's Sun beaming down on this beautiful body in a bathing suit His son would be beaming down the waves would be crashing into my face Instead I'm here with you in Pennsylvania and I'd rather be doing that Then Donald Trump lies about Children who go to school and then without parental consent their gender gets changed which is not happening That's what Donald Trump continues to lie and talk about play this clip How about that one Your child goes to school and they take your child It was a he and comes back a she And they do this Are they doing? And Often without parental consent. Can you even believe we're saying this then Donald Trump attacked the Republican Senate candidate Dave McCormick in Pennsylvania And then Donald Trump said that nobody wants to hear from you so you can come up on stage for two seconds But then get out of here Nobody likes you this with Donald Trump saying about this Senate candidate of Pennsylvania. How embarrassing play this clip. He's tough as hell David, I know you just spoke just cover your sake like for two seconds because nobody wants to hear you right now. Just come up Then Donald Trump says that vice president Kamala Harris is not doing interviews Despite the fact that Donald Trump turned down the 60 minutes interview and Donald Trump's afraid to debate her and she's been doing lots of interviews This is what he says about Vice President Kamala Harris play this clip So think of that So I heard that question What it was given because I had a watch because you know, she doesn't do any interviews She doesn't do any press conferences. She doesn't do them for one reason. She's not smart She's not smart then Donald Trump struggles to say this sentence where he's trying to lie about Automobile manufacturing which by the way is now at record levels Thanks to President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris's Infrastructure Act and inflation reduction act But Donald Trump can't even say the sentence right here here play this if we win This country will become the automobile Manufacturing place We are we will bring plants back at levels that haven't been seen for 50 years in this country Donald Trump then lies about Elon Musk's Starlink getting confiscated by the Biden administration Just more lies that he's spewing. Let's play it Kamala didn't send any helicopters to rescue them and when people sent helicopters They turned them back and when by the way when Elon sent Starlink Originally, they confiscated it. They took it It took them a long time to get it over there and it's a disgrace and he doesn't want to say that But I'll say it was disgraceful what they did Donald Trump then continues to lie about the federal response to hurricane the federal government's response to hurricane lean This is kind of the constant lies that's actually impacting people's lives and causing people to be seriously injured and die as Donald Trump is spreading lies and Disinformation over and over again play this clip So she didn't send anything or anyone at all days past no help as men women and children Drowned North Carolina has eight military bases great bases Fort Bragg remember what Bragg they changed the name we won two wars Two world wars actually to be specific from front brag, but they changed the name to I'm not even gonna say it Let's just call it Fort Bragg. I Think what do you think has nothing to do with Pennsylvania? But the people of North Carolina would like to leave it as Fort Bragg. Can we do that? Yes, I think Then Donald Trump starts talking about tampon Tim and he says tampon Tim over and over again Let's play it tampon Tim and Kamala Harris are a true threat to democracy I'm not the threat to democracy By the way, if I was I wouldn't have taken a bullet to the ear, you know They didn't And Donald Trump claims that he has more Indian blood in him then Well, I'll just let you hear it for yourself. This is bizarre play this clip So I came up with the name Pocahontas and it drove her crazy. And so she went out. I got a blood test, right? remember what the number was 1,024th. Oh this guy's good 1,024th that means essentially that I have more Indian blood in me than she has and I have done Unfortunately, I'd like to have some also Alina Haba gave a speech in front of that fairly empty crowd as well, but Who's gonna tell her here play this clip? So where I come from When you fail at your job for? 1400 days you don't get another 1460 days on the other hand you had President Biden holding a very serious press conference today But of course the media asks him some of the dumbest questions here play this clip. What kind of bad? He's then asked about Donald Trump spreading misinformation, let's play I Simply don't know You can speculate But I just find it I'm not using the phrase more than I've used it ever my whole career un-american. It's un-american. It's not who the hell we are What are they talking about? Sir, I think it's their calling and asking to stop He then addresses Donald Trump giving Covid tests to Vladimir Putin instead of Americans during Covid it's play May God bless you all and may God protect those serving in the eye of this storm on behalf of our nation. Thank you To President Putin during the height of the pandemic. Do you have a comment, sir? Why do you think Trump is un-american? And here's what President Biden says about Marjorie Taylor Greene. Let's play it quite frankly These lies are un-american And there are simply no place for them. Not now not ever Former President Trump has led this onslaught of lies Assertions have been made that properties being confiscated It's simply not true They're saying people impacted by these storms will receive $750 in cash and no more that is simply not true either They're saying that money needed for these crises are being diverted to migrants. What the hell how could they talking about? Stop it. It's outrageous. It's just not true Now the claims are getting even more bizarre Marjorie Taylor Greene the Congress of Africa and Georgia is now saying the federal government is literally controlling the weather We're controlling the weather. It's beyond ridiculous. It's so stupid It's got to stop And on the other hand, let me just show you what the vibes are like right now in Arizona and you'll see Governor walls There and you'll see how energized people are. Let's play it I'm a never Trump guy. I'm a never Trump guy. I'm a never Trump guy I just want to remind you all make sure you're registered to vote to make sure Your pro democracy family members are registered to vote speak to family members after this video, please and double-check Okay, thanks and subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching Love this video make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas touch newsletter at Midas touch comm slash newsletter you