 And so we have this Quinnipiac poll and this was a swing state poll. So here's the headline Quinnipiac poll September 18th. That is today swing state poll 2024 Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, Harris ahead in two key battleground states. Third state up for grabs Quinnipiac university poll finds Pennsylvania Harris 51 Trump 45. How about Jill Stein? I don't even know this Oliver person is. But Pennsylvania Harris 51 Trump 45 Harris with a six point lead. That is huge in the state of Pennsylvania, which I think it's fair to say this election is going to come down to Pennsylvania, Michigan Harris is up 50 to 45 and Wisconsin Harris is up one point. According to this poll 48 47 in Wisconsin. So recapping real quick in Pennsylvania Harris up six points on Trump in Michigan. Harris up five points on Donald Trump, Wisconsin Harris up just one point. So that's why in the headline Quinnipiac basically said that one is a up for grabs state Wisconsin. I found this part super interesting about the Quinnipiac poll and basically the questions they asked so on the issues. Okay, we'll start with the economy. Alright in Pennsylvania. 50% say Trump is better on the economy 48% say Harris, but that's pretty dang close for an issue that Trump was crushing Joe Biden. Michigan is the same 50% for Trump 48% for Harris, Wisconsin 51% for Trump 47% for Harris. So Trump with slight leads there, but Harris very close. So she's obviously closing the gap in terms of the economy, whereas Donald Trump was smoking Joe Biden when it came to the economy. Okay, immigration. In my opinion, the Republicans best issue. I was also surprised at how close Harris now is in these swing states. So 50% say Trump is better on immigration in Pennsylvania 46% say Harris Michigan 49% say Trump 48% say Harris is better on immigration. So the technical question was likely voters were asked who they think would do a better job handling these five issues. As I said, mention the economy, immigration. So in Wisconsin 52% say Trump better on immigration 45% say Harris preserving democracy in the United States. Harris leads in Pennsylvania 52% to 45 Harris leads in Michigan 51% to 45 Harris leads in Wisconsin 50 to 47. Okay, I'm not going to go forever on this, but I think this is pretty dang interesting abortion. Okay, abortion, which I think is Democrats best issue. I said earlier, I think Republicans best issue is immigration. But so on abortion, 57% in Pennsylvania say Harris is better 38% say Trump in Michigan 53% say Kamala Harris is better 42% for Donald Trump in Wisconsin 53% of likely voters say Kamala Harris is better on abortion 40% say Trump and the final one the final issue a crisis that put the country at risk in Pennsylvania 49% say Harris over Trump at 47% 51% in Michigan say Harris 47% for Trump in Wisconsin 49% for Harris 48% for Trump. I know I threw a ton of numbers at you right there. And then I'll read this last part. This is from Quinnipiac University polling analyst Tim Molloy quote three crucial swing states wave a red flag at the Trump campaign the GOP is most go to attack strategies against Democrats on immigration and the economy may be losing momentum. Likely voters now see little daylight in most cases between Harris and Trump on who can best handle those key issues. Okay, so I gave you all the data right there. And again, Kamala Harris had a nice little surge in the betting odds today. And you can update this by the minute. So three minutes ago, here's what it was basically right about a 10 percentage point lead for Kamala Harris 54.2% 44.5% betting odds that's the chances they win Kamala Harris with about dang close to a 10 percentage point lead over Donald Trump. That was about eight points or so maybe got up to nine it was about eight points after the debate. So again, Kamala Harris has jumped up about 2.7 percentage points today, mostly based on some good polling in those swing states, specifically in Pennsylvania, from Quinnipiac. Okay, let's get to a couple of your comments. My guy ace anything on North Carolina, not this particular poll. Let's see an ace thanks as always for jumping in and always commenting. Interest rates dropping today. Hell yeah, gas down to 290 a gallon. Their plan is working in my opinion. Yeah, I also think I think economy. I hate to say this because I say it all the time. I know people are sick of it. But I just think the further and further we get away from COVID. Look, I know it was four years ago, but but the way it stressed all of our markets domestic internationally, the further we get away from all of that spending, and even some of the supply chain disruptions that you're thinking about more so two years ago, but as we get further away from what was a hundred year economic event, everything is improving. I know it's not improving at a rate a lot of people want, but it is getting better. And yes, I think the Biden Harris administration should get some credit for that. But there's probably a lot of people also saying, hey, it's taking way too long. To basically flip this inflation, which what a year a couple years ago, they said that inflation was not going to be long term. What was the exact word they used? I can't remember the exact word they used, but it lasted a little too long. I think we all agree. Okay, let's see. Ace again, the party most likely to lie. GOP 100% Dems 15% percentage shine LMAO. That's your opinion, ace. They both lie a lot. I think it's fair to say Trump lies more in Kamala Harris. I think that's pretty fair to say different lies. Laura Houser with some celebrations. There you go. Transitor. That was the word I was thinking of Jodie transitory. And I couldn't find it. Thank you so much, Jodie. Basically, they said a couple years ago, inflation was going to be transitory. It wasn't. It's still around. And look, even though your grocery prices are improving, gas is going down slowly. I feel like you're in St. Louis. It's like 283 is the best I've gotten, which is pretty good. It's nice to see a two as the first number. You want that down closer to actually $2, but also there's some other stuff. I mean, the interest rates are super high. Hopefully they start to drop. Insurance. Insurance is sky high through the roof. And anything to get fixed on your house, contracting work, all that stuff. Cost of labor is super high. I have a small rental property business and all of that stuff has gone up. And obviously your taxes and the HOA fees, if you're talking about a condo, those have gone through the roof as well because it's so hard to get insurance for these condo associations as well. But yes, transitory was the word I was looking for. Thank you, Jodie. And Ace. Yes, they do all lies, sir. Yes, they do. Any more questions from you guys? What do you think? I'm not going to go super long on this. I was going to do a video. It's easier to go live. What do you think also of my, where's that over there? Well, see, it's weird. It's opposite. I'm like, I can't even do this. Okay. See, my daughter's little, my daughter's little Halloween pumpkin over there. Okay. Any questions? Any comments? I'm not going to go super long. What do you guys think? Are you buying it? Look, this is still super close. Obviously it's a coin toss. It's probably going to come down to Pennsylvania, but right now, look, everything has been positive for Kamala Harris for the last about what, eight, nine days. Start with the debate. She beat Donald Trump in the debate and she's had some good polling numbers off that. Here, I'll go to Real Clear Politics, which I have not, I have not cited Real Clear Politics yet today. I know Eric Messersmith and his buddy, Brian Johnson, we put that video on the channel and they were citing the polling numbers. So here's Real Clear Politics. Okay. I will share my screen with you guys at some point. I just don't feel like doing it right now. Thank you all for watching, by the way. Comment, like, subscribe. If you haven't subscribed, please hit that subscribe button. But so basically the Real Clear Politics polling average is Harris plus two. But I think it's important to note that we shouldn't really, in my opinion, count any polls before the debate because that was a huge event and some of the polling numbers have really changed. So basically the debate was what? September 10th. So we'll start with polling on September 11th, at least you have Harris plus four in a TIPP of Forbes, Harris plus four, Morning Consult, Harris plus six, DFP, Harris plus four, Yahoo, Harris plus four. You have the one outlier for Trump, which is Atlas Intel has Trump plus three. So there is a good poll, one good poll for Trump. But then ABC Ipsos has Harris plus four. So if you're going just the polls, I'm gonna do quick math in my head. So 48, 14, 18, 22, 26 minus three is 23, 1234567. I think that's about my quick math is that's about three and a half or four points for Kamala Harris, all the polling since the debate. And then if you're just joining me here, the reason I did this video is that Kamala Harris got really good polling Quinnipiac swing state polling that she's leading in Pennsylvania, 51, 45 over Trump leading in Michigan, 50 to 45 Wisconsin, according to Quinnipiac is much closer. Harris 48, Trump 47. So that one essentially a coin flip right there. And Jill Stein is still in there. Jill Stein is getting 1% in Pennsylvania, 2% in Michigan and 1% in Wisconsin. What if Jill Stein was the spoiler that gave this election to Donald Trump because of I mean, 2% in Michigan, that's pretty good. Even 1% in Pennsylvania, if it's much closer than this Quinnipiac poll, if it's actually more of a toss up, what if Jill Stein is the reason that Donald Trump wins Pennsylvania and thus wins the election? It could happen. Okay. Another question, Joe D. What are your thoughts on the Biden hair strategy was to deplete the strategic petroleum reserve to help reduce the cost of gas starting prior to the midterms? Okay, that's true. Also, then I read a report that they bought a bunch of fuel back then at a big discount and saved a bunch of money. Okay, check me on that. I remember reading that about, I don't know, a month ago. I'm not an expert on the production of oil and all that. I know, look, like Biden and Harris or not, I've always said this too. I don't think presidents have a huge deal to do with gas prices. I remember looking up a year or so ago, I don't know the exact number, but I feel like federal lands, there's only about 10% is owned in terms of the federal lands, the federal leases. And again, whether you like Joe Biden or not, and I think clearly Republicans are better on oil, but this administration has pumped more oil than any administration in the history of this country. It just kept going up after Trump. Now there was a big decline in 2020 because of COVID, obviously nobody was traveling, cars, planes and all that. That's what I got to tell you about that. I'm no expert, but check me on all those and let me know if I'm right or wrong. I'm remembering things I read over the last couple of months or so. Ace, I really hope the nonsense of trying to hurt Trump stops and I'm not a Trump guy at all. Absolutely. I mean, clearly, nobody wants to see any of these people hurt. It doesn't matter if you vote for them or not, like them or not. We need to simmer down now when it comes to some of these crazy people going after Donald Trump the last couple of months. And isn't it, I don't know what the right word is, but like the two guys that shot at Trump was what? Crooks, Thomas Matthew Crooks, Matthew Thomas Crooks, and this guy, Ryan Wesley Ruth or Ralph. They both are freaking straight out of central casting for what an assassin of the president looks like. Don't they? They just look like the patsies that you always hear about going back to Lee Harvey Oswald. Crooks, he just looked like that incel type teenager, early 20-something male that probably didn't have any friends, bullied, not great luck with the women and turns for whatever reason to violence and gets politically polarized and radicalized and all that. And then this guy, this Ryan Routh or Ruth, however you pronounce it, this guy was all over Ukraine. He seems like a dude who's just obsessed with politics and voted for Trump, but then didn't and then wanted Haley. But I don't even know all that. Correct me on all that. Guys, I read the same stuff that you guys read, but both these people are obviously deranged, radicalized, and it ain't good. Let's see. Really appreciate your down the middle approach, calling balls and strikes on both sides. Good stuff. Joe D, I appreciate it. That's the best compliment that we can get. We had another compliment the other day that said I was surprised at how down the middle this channel was. And again, that's the best compliment we could get. I hope when we look years from now, we have, I want to say a million, 100,000 subscribers. And I hope you still feel that way. I don't ever want to be a channel that's only liked by liberals or only watched by conservatives. We want everybody to watch this channel, watch our videos and feel like it's pretty fair. Everybody leans a certain way. Everybody has their own biases. That's always going to happen. But just be fair for the most part. That's all that we ask. John Riebel, just experience an ad. Nothing wrong with that, right? I did put in some ads. I think they're every six minutes. Hopefully that doesn't bother you too much. I will re-release this video. I'll edit it up a little bit. I'll put some graphics on it and re-release it so it's easier to consume because I know on these live streams, sometimes I just ramble a little bit. And you know what? I think we'll wrap it up. We're at 20 minutes. I think that's perfect. I appreciate all you guys jumping in, jumping on. Joe D. Hope you got some money for those ads. Yes, we do. Yeah, we're monetized here. We had really, I'll tell you what, that live stream after the debate, we had 50,000 people watch that, which was crazy. And it just goes to show you. I mean, obviously that debate was the number one trending topic on earth, on the freaking planet, because we're not a big channel. For 2,500 people to be watching our channel at once, concurrently, and then 50,000 total. I mean, I can't even imagine what the big channels that cover politics all the time because everybody was live, by the way. Everybody on earth that covers politics or talks about politics on YouTube was live right after that debate. All right. Ace, have a great day to all Republicans and Democrats and independents. How about that, Ace? Well said. Let's end on that. Thank you guys for watching. Please comment, like, subscribe, and tell people about the channel. Share the videos, share the shows. One more question. John Ribel, you're doing a live video after the VP debate. Yes, we're going to do live streams after all the debates. Hopefully, there's another presidential debate. I don't know. If I'm Trump, I got to do one because I got to make up for that last one. So I hope we see another one, but yeah, we're going to do a live stream after the VP debate and hopefully another presidential debate. All right, guys, thanks so much. Comment, like, subscribe. Love you all. See you later. Have a great rest of your day.