 If you want to really see something that said take a look what happened I Can I say Rachel Scott for a second I predicted this yesterday I predicted this I knew it. I felt there's my spirit something to go down weird. It's gonna be political, too And that happened. That's what I was talking about yesterday on my story I'm batting a thousand with motherfucking predictions. I just know I'm Psychic I'm clairvoyant. I got that thing. My mama was a gypsy. Yes, she was fine. I get I know everything Everything I know every time I'm different. Y'all I'm not these regular niggas Power I'm different blood. I'm different hard fly. I know I'm everything Everything I'm that guy DJ quick for president. How about that? Yeah, I know everything I Knew when the towers was from the fall the night before it fell I kept telling black toenails something to happen We finna die man. We're gonna kill something the world is finna change He's like man, just you go to sleep quick go to sleep No, nigga called me at 7 in the morning to talk about turn on the TV. Is that what you was feeling? I'm saying yes, that's what I was feeling I felt this yesterday Can't fuck with me. I just I know what I know bro. I'm a genius Yo, what up? Spoilery Spears here. Listen, man. I am in no way shape or form a Trump fan But some of y'all gotta knock it off with this conspiracy theory shit. It was staged. It was staged Really so that blood was Tabasco sauce on his face January 6th was staged people died on January 6th. Was that part of the program? The Will Smith Chris Rock thing was staged not according to Chris Rock If it was real the shooter wouldn't have missed Reagan got shot and survived was that stage two shit gets real Period stop thinking everything is a goddamn conspiracy Damn me for the link to the Spears and Steinberg podcast also subscribe to our YouTube channel It's Spears Berg pod hit like and subscribe. It was staged That shit was more staged than a Tyler Perry production of Madea runs for president. I Lived in Harlem long enough to know that gunshots do not sound like making popcorn on the stove Where'd the blood come from So in theater in movies they have what's called blood pellets You they even you know people use them in Halloween It's basically a pellet of fake blood that's in your mouth and when you crush it the blood comes out To Be frank Small hands trunk would not respond by raising his fists in the air triumphantly were an actual attempt made on his life This was I believe done to try to Show his strength counter to Biden's fragility But I'm my god Molly you endangered girl You You You You You Y'all know the m-rec room etiquette peace you now tuned in the m-rec TV You Where's someone wasn't on protocol there are consequences Oh Spoke All right, we did not go easy Carmen, it's your boy Reggie current upset. It's my cousin No, I know me old Who did you That's not the part about the part about is he had the audacity x me why Look I'm writing his eyes He go to pat me down $20 homeboy, I'm like Oh Not y'all punch the punch the punch that You