excited front I'm a assistant reporter, was probably the best. I had a lot of concerns about 2020 and some about 2022. But after coming here and observing, and there's a whole new group of people here in this county now that weren't here and even 2022. I feel very confident that the process works. They're very transparent and I feel confident that whatever the elect, the outcome of this election is. I feel it's fair. These glass walls live stream, anyone can anytime can observe the process from start to finish. They can observe our security measures that we've put in place to ensure that there's no tampering going on. The main goal of this is just transparency. A lot of people have called us being radically transparent because these are the voters elections. We are just the ones administrating them. We want to be as transparent as possible for our voters so they can come in and observe the entire process from start to finish. And wife signing each other's so if I have John Smith's ballot and Jane Smith signs it, we see that mistake. So it hasn't been a whole house yet. But once the words been getting out, once we get closer to understanding the process and being able to show anyone who wants to process and start to finish. But we're at that point now to where I have complete confidence in what we're doing here in our county. This is probably the most valuable instrument that we have in our country is the ability to vote. And it's imperative that we have a good trust of the public as a whole. And so that was real evident to me in 2020 that we are losing a lot of the trust in our residents and people in fact people don't vote because they think it's already rigged. And they've made those kind of comments. So that's what prompted us to build this building and make the transparency as much as possible. And so you're always going to have those type of theories that are going to come up. We can't combat that. We're in a freedom of speech area. We're in those type of things that are important to us as a nation. And so we'll never squash that. And we shouldn't. People should be able to speak their mind and how they feel about things. That's one of our amendments in our Constitution allows them to do that. But what we can do on the other side is do everything in our power to be as transparent as possible. And then over here is our early voting department. They're all working right now since we are in the middle of early voting. And I can show you in this room closer up. They are getting the ballots from the mail. They are pulling them outside of the return envelope and getting those ballots ready for signature verification and the receiving process. The ballots we receive and pick up at the drop boxes come through here. The outer envelope is taken off. That is for the mail returns. They get sliced open with some of these machines and then get put into batches of 100 or so. These are our ballot transfer boxes. We utilize these. They go out to the drop boxes and they have GPS locks on them. It sends a signal to our main facility and it lets us know if it's locked and where it's at. GPS locks can be opened up with what we call the fleet up card. It gets placed here. So part of the issue of a portion of voters in Arizona who mistrust or distrust the election system basically amplified the last two elections in 20 and 22. And part of that is one that these elections were super close at very high levels. And when they're super close races, people are very passionate and they're looking for perhaps mishaps or things that aren't running well. So they see a behind the scenes view of how elections are done. Does that impact election deniers? Probably not. But a larger portion of those are election doubters, right? They just have concerns. They've been reading stuff in the media about what happens. And some of the initial preliminary data is suggesting that it is making a difference and people are feeling much more comfortable about the election process. I think there was a lot of things that were done that weren't awful. And I feel like those things may not happen this time. Yes.