 If we step back from national polling, which has bounced between Kamala Harris plus one and Kamala Harris plus two with some anecdotal outlier polls of Kamala Harris plus four, which we will see if those become the norm over the next seven or 10 days. If we step back from that and we say, OK, let's do the analysis differently, let's do the analysis focusing exclusively on the Electoral College, remembering that Democrats can win by one or two or even two and a half in the national popular vote, but still lose electorally. We understand that looking at history, looking at 2016 and looking at other years. What is the scenario that this actually is looking far, far better for Donald Trump? Well, I will show you the scenario in Arizona. Donald Trump is winning in an average of recent polls right now. That's a reversal from 2020. In 2020, Trump lost Arizona in current polling. Trump is winning. Now, admittedly, only one of these polls is from after the debate. And the only post-debate poll is a Republican leaning poll. But as of right now, 2024's map looks better for Trump than 2020. So when you see Trump leading Arizona, you say, well, hold on a second. Maybe this isn't all roses and ginger snaps for Kamala Harris. We then look at Michigan. Yes, Kamala Harris is leading in Michigan, but by a fraction of a point. And in fact, of the two post-debate polls, one is tied and one has Trump winning. That doesn't look very good, given that Donald Trump lost Michigan in 2020. We then go to Wisconsin. Yes, Kamala Harris holding a lead in Wisconsin, but by just one point and importantly, Trump surging in Wisconsin from forty six point eight all the way up to forty eight. So Trump is actually gaining ground in the state of Wisconsin. We look at North Carolina. Now, we're going to do a separate discussion of North Carolina in a moment. North Carolina. Trump is winning right now, although it is tighter than we would expect. So we're going to come back to North Carolina. And then if you look at Georgia, another state that Joe Biden won in 2020, Trump is currently leading in Georgia. Yes, it's only by a fraction of a point. But once again, the one post-debate poll that we have has Trump leading Georgia, a state which Joe Biden won in 2020. And then we have Pennsylvania, another state that was won by Joe Biden in 2020 in which Donald Trump is currently leading. Now, we have two post-debate polls from Pennsylvania, Harris leading one, Trump leading one. But on average, the way these calculations are weighted, Donald Trump is currently winning Arizona. So if we start with Pennsylvania, if we start with the 2020 map and we flip Pennsylvania to what today's polling says and we flip Georgia to what today's polling says and we flip Arizona to what today's polling says, Donald Trump becomes the next president of the United States. This is just looking at today's polls. So while it is absolutely exciting and titillating to see Kamala Harris plus six in the morning consult poll and to see a lot of the different scenarios that are being laid out, if I take all emotion out of it and just say, let's look at the average of polls, Trump's winning Pennsylvania, Trump's winning Georgia, Trump's winning Arizona, that's two hundred and eighty one electoral votes for Donald Trump. And it is a win for Trump in the Electoral College. So lest anyone take comfort. In the numbers that we are seeing from the optimistic for Harris scenario, I've just outlined to you the way the Electoral College is looking as though it would fall if the election were held today, understanding that when Trump's winning by point two and the polling on average has a margin of error of three, we all understand that. So now having outlined the rosy scenario for Kamala Harris and having outlined the rosy scenario for Donald Trump, I want to focus in on North Carolina.