 Voters in Dearborn, Michigan helped Joe Biden into the White House, but Democrats cannot rely on the city's many Arab Americans this year. We gathered together some of the people who are so furious about the president's failure to rein in Israel's assaults on Gaza and Lebanon, they're refusing to support his vice president and making some very surprising choices. Can you tell us how you vote in November? I'm not just voting for Trump. I am endorsing him and telling my community to vote for him as well. But you've been a Democrat all your life? I'm still a Democrat. Still a Democrat. I'm still actually probably more left than most Democrats. So why on earth vote for Donald Trump and encourage others to do it? Because I believe there has to be accountability. Harris is going to continue the same exact policies under Biden. So it's not me saying she's 100% guaranteed to do the same. She is saying that her campaign advisers have come out and said it. Everyone here is a longtime Democrat struggling over how to vote or who to campaign for. I will vote Harris, but I will not have the energy or the audacity knocking doors on my Muslim community and tell them to vote for Harris. They all want the Biden-Harris administration to get much tougher with Israel and try harder to stop the civilian deaths. Now, I'm a Democrat. He puts me in a very awkward position. How can I tell the Dearborn pharmacist who lost 80 members of his family in one day to vote for the vice president? What does that mean you put on the ballot paper? I might just leave it blank. People who have always voted for the Democratic candidate are considering a whole range of different options. Likely going to be the Green Party. It's an abstention and a protest to a process and a party and a system that's not working for everyday Americans. And it's definitely not working for Palestinians, Lebanese and people in the Middle East. Before the October 7th election last year, could you have possibly imagined you'd ever be considering voting for Trump? No. I might end up voting for him. Every time I say it, I feel I'm going to choke because my conscience will come up and I feel like I have to go through up right now for saying that. But also I think about my family, my people in Palestine and in Lebanon. I will not be silent about the scale of human suffering in Gaza. Online ads try to emphasize Kamala Harris' understanding of the civilian cost of this conflict. But Muslim and Arab voters in Michigan want her to lay out a Middle East strategy that differs from Joe Biden's. Backing his call for cease fires in Gaza and Lebanon is not enough for her to win back some crucial Michigan voters. Sarah Smith, BBC News, Dearborn, Michigan.