 Welcome to election night, it's 7pm here on the east coast and we have poll closings in the following states. For the first race we can project that Kentucky will easily go to Donald Trump for the third time in a row. Moving on to the hoozier state of Indiana where President Donald Trump wins the state and its 11 electoral votes. Meanwhile in Vermont a heavy deep blue state where Kamala Harris, the current VP wins in this race. While in Virginia too close to call but it's looking quite red compared to 2020. In Georgia the Peach state with 16 electoral votes, Donald Trump with 15% of the vote leads narrowly against Kamala Harris in 2024. It's 730 on the east coast and we have poll closings in the following states. For West Virginia one of the most Trumpy states awards President Donald Trump its 4 electoral votes easily. In South Carolina we can project that President Donald J Trump will once again win this state and win its 9 electoral votes. Meanwhile in Ohio we have a key race alert and it's too early to make a call in this key race for the Republicans. For North Carolina another big state for Donald Trump it's still way too close to make a call here but we'll let you know there's an update. Welcome back it's 8pm and we have more big poll closings in this election. For the sooner state of Oklahoma we can project that these 7 electoral votes will of course go to President Donald Trump in 2024 as expected. In Tennessee a former home state of Al Gore, Donald Trump is projected to be the winner in this race and he wins Tennessee with its 11 electoral votes. Mississippi another deep red state that sees it giving its 6 electoral votes to former President Donald Trump. Missouri a former ball weather state that is now easily going for the Republicans gives 10 electoral votes to Donald Trump in 2024. Going back to the south where we see Donald Trump easily winning the deep red state of Alabama. Meanwhile in Washington DC as expected Vice President Kamala Harris will win the district's 3 electoral votes. In Maryland a deep blue state sees VP Kamala getting 10 more electoral votes in 2024 for the home state of President Biden in Delaware. It rewards Kamala Harris with its 3 electoral votes. In the Garden State of New Jersey Kamala Harris is projected to be the winner and she wins New Jersey in 2024. Meanwhile for Connecticut in the North East we can make a projection that VP Kamala Harris gains 7 more electoral votes. For the neighboring state of Rhode Island we can make a projection and Kamala Harris VP wins this state as expected. And now for Massachusetts one of the most liberal and deep blue states in the union has Vice President Kamala easily winning 11 electoral votes from this state. Illinois too early to make a call and this could be a bad sign for Kamala Harris. Now in New Hampshire as expected too early to make a call in this race. In Ohio we have a key race alert and the Donald Trump JD Vance ticket is already off to a great start in Ohio and expect more news from the state quite soon. North Carolina with 16 key electoral votes and Trump is leading in this race at 50% received for main key race alert still too early to make a call but we will let you know there is an update there. Pennsylvania where Donald Trump easily leads in this state due to the rural counties ballot dump but still too early to make a call yet. Welcome it's 8.30 on the east coast and we have more poll closings. And we can project that Donald Trump will win his home state of Florida and he's said to win here by a landslide in 2024. And now for Arkansas the former home state of Bill Clinton now gives it's 6 electoral votes in a landslide for Donald J Trump. Meanwhile in Illinois Kamala Harris as expected will win this state and she gets 19 electoral votes from Barack Obama's home state and now in New Hampshire still too early to make a call but Kamala Harris has made some gains compared to last time. It's now 9pm and we have a lot of poll closings to go through in Virginia where Vice President Harris will win this state giving a major blow to the GOP donors wallets. And back to the poll closings in North Dakota Prairie State easily gives Donald Trump 3 more electoral votes for the neighboring state of South Dakota 3 more electoral votes for Donald Trump in 2024 and for the cowboy state of Wyoming as expected the cowboy state will give Donald Trump another set of 3 electoral votes in 2024 for Louisiana we can make a projection that Donald Trump will win this state and it's 8 electoral votes. For Kansas the sell flower state will give 6 more electoral votes to President Donald Trump. In Nebraska we can make a projection that 4 out of it's 5 electoral votes will go to 45th President Donald Trump. For the Switzerland of America and Colorado this liberal state will give 10 electoral votes to Kamala Harris and for a big call we can make a projection for New York where Kamala Harris wins this state 28 electoral votes. For Arizona too early to make a call and this must win state for both candidates and Iowa also another state that is way too early to make a call. Furthermore in Michigan a must win state specially for VP Harris is too early to make a projection. New Mexico too is too early to make a call and we'll let you know there's any updates for these races. Furthermore in Wisconsin a major race for both candidates to win here in 2024 too early to make a call yet again. Meanwhile in Texas President Trump is running off with a lead against VP Harris in this race. Thanks for joining back and we have major poll closings since it's now 10pm. And we have a major key race alert in Ohio JD Vance's home state gives the Trump Advanced Ticket 17 more electoral votes. Moving on to Utah the Beehive State sees a Trump winning an additional 6 electoral votes. Meanwhile for the big treasure state of Montana that sees 4 electoral votes going to 45th President Donald Trump. In Maine 2nd District and expected Donald Trump will win this congressional district in 2024 and Vice President Kamala gets the 3 remaining electoral votes from Maine, Nevada too early to make a call in this race. The major key race alert in the 2nd District of Nebraska that awards the Kamala Wallace ticket one key electoral vote. The tension is rising as the poll closings hit 11pm here on the east coast and let's start off. The lone star state gives a major 40 electoral votes to 45th President Donald Trump. Another key race alert this time in the Rust Belt where Minnesota, the home state of Kamala's VP pick Tim Woles grants 3rd ticket 10 electoral votes. Meanwhile out west in the state of Idaho we can make a projection and this state will as expected go for Donald Trump in 2024. Big race alert for Democrats as Kamala's home state of California awards Kamala Harris with 54 major electoral votes. We can also make a projection in Oregon and as expected this state will vote Democrat yet again in 2024 and for the neighboring state of Washington the Evergreen state gives 12 electoral votes to the Democrats. In Iowa we have a major key race alert and Donald J. Trump the 45th President wins this state for the 3rd time in a row. New Hampshire goes for Kamala Harris and she gets 4 key electoral votes for the North East and a big win for the Democrats in this race. It's midnight and it's coming down to the wire. We have a poll closing actually for the great state of Hawaii as expected this race will go in the favor of Democrats as Harris wins 4 electoral votes. Key race alert in New Mexico that sees the Harris and Woles ticket winning in the Southwestern state. And we have a major key race alert in North Carolina where 45th President Donald J. Trump wins this state's key 16 electoral votes to his campaign. Welcome back it's 1am it's still too close to call but we have a poll closing in Alaska and as expected the last frontier state will go for the Republicans yet again. In Georgia major race alert as Donald Trump wins this state giving Democrats a major blow in the South East. It's early Wednesday morning and Donald Trump leads with 251 electoral votes and Harris has 226 electoral votes. We have a major projection in Michigan where Kamala Harris wins this state and gets 15 key electoral votes for her campaign. Pennsylvania a key state for both parties goes for Democrats as Kamala Harris wins this state in 2024. Arizona a Biden state will go for the GOP as Donald Trump wins back this state and gets 11 electoral votes. Nevada a purple state in 2022 goes for Kamala Harris as she barely grabs on to this Biden 2020 state. In Wisconsin Kamala Harris is the projected victor in this key swing state and a major victory for her campaign. Breaking Vice President Kamala Harris wins and will become the 47th president succeeding Biden and for the final map for the 2024 election Kamala wins with 276 electoral votes while President Trump gets 262 electoral votes. This video took a lot of effort so feel free to leave a like, join the discord and the channel membership and as always see you next time and have a good one. Bye!