 key welcome in Congress, Dan Musher from the state of Pennsylvania. As you may know, Congressman was at that Trump rally in Butler, P.A. on Saturday. Your reaction to this latest report that we're getting about a threat against the former president unrelated, we're told, to what happened on Saturday, but a threat nonetheless from Iran. Yeah, hi, Connell. Unfortunately, it's no surprise this is coming from Iran. Iran is the center of terrorism for globally. They back Hamas, they back Hetzibullah, they back the Hooties. Why the Biden administration's continue to have an inexplicable affinity for Iran along the way is pretty inexplicable in itself. So yeah, look, the security is high for the president. Sometimes you wonder, wow, is all this necessary? But obviously it is. And some other high level officials. There was plenty of security around at the at this at the rally. We had Secret Service. We had Homeland Security. I talked with many dozens and dozens. We did have the local police as well that was being managed and guided by the Secret Service. But clearly there was a serious lapse in the plan and a serious lapse in an execution. I want to ask you about that. But first, did you notice any was did it seem stepped up? You know, you've been to a lot of these Trump rallies. Now that we know that this threat was out there and the campaign had been told about it, did it seem stepped up within the perimeter? It's hard to say. We were obviously it was outdoors. Again, I saw many again, homeland, a few different divisions, all reporting to homeland. It seemed it seemed as if there was ample security. It didn't seem to be lacking. There was a helicopter a couple of different times. And I saw I saw either a Secret Service or Homeland Security off perimeter checking buildings and all prior to to the the shooting taking place. All right. That raises the question. That's what I wanted to talk to you about. So let me go to our telestrator here because we have a map of that location. We've all seen so many times now. And the thing is, I bring this up that I would mention to you. We've talked about the distance already, right, being being 400 feet to get over to this building where the shooter was approximately to the stage where the president was. The Secret Service director told ABC News that there were actually officers inside that building from when they where they opened fire. But the other thing she said, I'll switch over to the animation that we made about that. She talked about the different perimeters and inter perimeter. I think that's what you're getting at, Congressman. Inter perimeter and an outer perimeter when you have a big event like this and that the warehouse and I'll pause the animation here for a moment was I just let it play a little bit more pause it right there. The animation shows it here. The warehouse, they say, was actually inside what they call the outer perimeter. So, you know, for example, if this was the perimeter for Trump, something like this, there would be an outer perimeter. Again, we don't know exactly, but just for the sake of argument that might be out here. And then the warehouse is in here. So but the local police are patrolling that. Where do you have any idea where the breakdown was? And in all of this, they were supposedly in the building, but not on the roof, maybe because it was sloped. I mean, that doesn't seem like a good reason to me, but. Yeah, look, the shooting range should be the perimeter. Right. Right. And that is at least 500 yards, you know, perhaps even more 600, 700 yards. And again, in the outer perimeter, my understanding is that they direct the local police. But the local police, this isn't their main profession and their main skill set. They follow the lead of the Secret Service, i.e. via the homeland security. So the lapse began, unfortunately, at the top and on the ground. Now, let's face it, though, the Secret Service performed marvelously once the shooting occurred and as well in taking out the shooter himself. But but to leave that site open and it was right behind me. It wasn't very far. I mean, where were you standing again? I mean, exactly that I forget. Yeah, we were to the right of the president. So really right in the line of fire. And as a matter of fact, the poor poor gentleman from Pennsylvania, Corey Compentor, he was just no more than 20 feet from me up. But he was about six or seven feet high or elevated. And he was in the line of fire as he was protecting his daughter and his and his wife. And he was tragically killed. He was murdered. So, you know, so we were all right there. And yeah, I know exactly where that building was. I certainly didn't hear anyone yelling. We see somebody up on the roof. We see a shooter that must have been people further back into the crowd. But again, even that shows a terrible lapse of response. Yeah. Thanks so much for watching. Just go to join NN.com to five News Nation on your television provider. And don't forget to click the red subscribe button below to get more of News Nation's fact driven unbiased coverage.