 The Donald Trump song at his rally, Hallelujah, and the other songs that he chose. I don't find them bizarre whatsoever at all. I don't. Not at all. They're not bizarre. They're not bizarre. And the reason I say they're not, they were carefully chosen. Take, let's see what it says. I'll be back. It says, I'll be back. Take America's going to be. He's going to be back. Okay. If you listen to the words, the only one I know that he sung that I've heard of when they're trying to say it was a little bizarre. Oh, no, it speaks volumes. I heard there was a secret chord that David played and it pleased the Lord. There are some who think of Trump as from the lineage of David. Okay, they do. And as he's at that rally in Pennsylvania, we can listen to some of this. He wanted to play the YMCA. Okay, did that one. I wanted to get over there where he's doing the other music. She's just moving. He's listening to it. King David. You don't really care that there was a secret chord. Let's think about this. A secret accord has been made. There was a secret accord. Let's think about Trump. Here you are. And that David played and Trump is like a trumpet. Okay, we're going to go out on the deep end. According to some and it pleased the Lord, but you don't really care for music. Do you? Well, it goes like this. The fourth trumpet. The fourth trumpet and then the fifth trumpet. And he had a minor fall and then he had the major lift, the baffled King. Composing a hallelujah. So what is the fourth trumpet Intel? According to artificial intelligence, the fourth and fifth trumpets are two of the seven trumpets that bring judgment in the book of Revelation. Good morning. The fourth trumpet darkens a third of the Sun, the moon and stars causing complete darkness for a third of the day and night. The fifth trumpet unleashes a plague of demonic locusts that torment those who have not been sealed by God. An angel appears and warns of the coming trumpets. A star falls from heaven and is given the key to the bottomless pit. The angel opens the pit releasing smoke that darkens the air and the sunlight locusts emerge from the smoke with the appearance of scorpion tailed war horses with human faces, lions teeth and long hair. The locusts are given the power to sting like scorpions, but are told not to harm the plants trees or grass. The locusts are allowed only to attack those people who do not have the seal of God on their foreheads. The locusts are given power to cause great pain for five months, but are not allowed to kill during this time. People will want to die, but will not find a way. So if you think of the song of Trump's sing in the hallelujah dancing to the hallelujah song, oh, it was deliberately chosen. It's a message to his opponents. It's a message to the Deep State is what it is a message to the Deep State. What's coming and they cannot stop it. They can't stop it. That's what I feel about it. I heard there was a secret chord that David played and it pleased the Lord, but you don't really care for music. Do you? Well, it goes like this the fourth, the fifth, the minor fall, the major lift, the baffled King composing. Hallelujah. You know how it goes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'll sing this because he chose that for a purpose for a purpose. Every single song and I believe the order of the song. He's sending a message loud and clear. Now, just think of the words. They make a fun of him dancing. They don't want to see him dancing during his rally at all. Good morning. And let me sing it. Well, your faith was strong, but you needed proof. You saw her bathing on the roof, her beauty and the moonlight over through. Yeah. She tied you to her kitchen chair. She broke your throne and cut your hair and from your lips. She drew the Hallelujah. Okay, you got that. Let me see this. Your faith was strong. You can, well, you can think of America like that. Your faith was strong. And then she just took over whoever this thing is. Broke your throne. You think of Trump. I'm going out on the deep end. Now you can think of Trump. Baby, I've been here before. I've seen this room. I've walked the floor. I used to live alone before I knew you. But I've seen your flag on the marble arch. Our love is not a victory March. It's a code and it's a broken Hallelujah. Oh, he's coming. So can you talk about the American flag? I seen your flag on the marble arch. Our love is not a victory March. It's a code and it's a broken Hallelujah. It truly take those words seriously. Take the words seriously of that song you all. Good morning. Listen. Especially this right here. I heard there was a secret cord is there was that was there a secret accord that was made the secret Accord. They make in front of him dancing. They're drawing attention to him dancing the secret Accord with There's something like the Abraham Accords. Trump's piece, the Abraham Accords and the reshaping. All right. Let's see. Trump. I must less than making fun of the song. He chose the Hallelujah. I heard there was a secret cord that David played and it pleased the Lord. You don't really care for music. Do you? Well, it goes like this. The fourth, the fifth, the minor fall and the major live the baffled King composing Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Think of it. Take those words seriously. This is not a joke. None of it is a joke whatsoever. It's not you all. The songs were chosen on purpose. He's sending a message out loud and clear and he's going to be the next president of the United States. Good morning. Read the clues. Yeah, read them. This video is being shadow band. That's okay. Because why? Because we know we can think for ourselves. We have discernment and all the other songs he played. I don't really know them, but I would look very closely at the words because they all have meaning words are powerful songs are powerful. Music is powerful. The tunes are absolutely powerful, but the mere fact he chose that right there. It's a code when he comes back. When he comes back. It's a code. It's a code and it's a broken. Hallelujah. Hallelujah code and a broken. Hallelujah. If you're just tuning in, I am going to go. I wanted to draw attention specifically. Okay. Maybe there's a God above, but all I've ever learned from love was how to shoot somebody who out drew. Yeah. Okay. Hold on. How to shoot somebody who out drew. Yeah. No. Okay. Let me do this. Let me sing that song. Let me show this. There's clues all in it all in it. Okay. Let me do this like that. I'm trying to see it. Okay. Maybe there's a God above, but all I've ever learned from love was how to shoot somebody who out drew. Yeah. It's not a cry. You see it. It's not a cry you hear at night. It's not someone who seen the light. It's a code and it's a broken. Hallelujah. You got it. It's riddled riddled with clues. It's a message that they are getting loud and clear. Loud and clear. Maybe there's a God above, but all I ever learned from love was how to shoot somebody who out drew. Yeah. It's not a cry you hear at night. It's not someone who seen the light. It's a code and it's a broken. Hallelujah. A cold and a broken. Hallelujah. It's what it is. It's coming. The secret accord that David played and it pleased the Lord. You don't really care for music. Do you? It's a message. It's a message to the deep deep state. Well, it goes like this. The fourth, the fifth, the minor fall, the major lift, the baffled King composing. Hallelujah. Right there. It truly is that right there. That's my own personal opinion is what it is. You are and the fifth trumpet brings the first terror. Was it last year? In the sky in the sky. There was birth that there was birth that happened in the sky. Who was it that gave birth to the child star because the child star had to pass through the birth canal. If you're astrology, the birth canal, what was that? Do you remember that? It was in the heavens. It was in astrology. It was in the news, the child comet and it was spoken of the the dragon. The child star. We did a video on this. We are we did a video on this the child star. Comet. And the birth the birth canal a Virgo. Was it Virgo birth canal? The child star comet or whatever and there is a comet in the sky now that can be seen. It's going to be hanging around. They what do they say is Atlas? Atlas. It's in this. It's in the sky, but this child star this child comet through the birth canal birth canal. I think it was Virgo. I think it was last year or something. Can't remember. Yeah, right here. The asteroid child. And the great sign. The asteroid child from between 25th. Okay, the child is birth from Virgo twice in January of 2019 and September of 2023. Only one of these births. What did they say about one of these births? What is the rarest 23? And you I'm telling you right now, you better wake up. You got this right here with the once in a lifetime. My goodness gracious every 400 years. Okay, Nishimara, Mishimara. Spot the green. Okay. Yeah, that's it. Now listen this. This is serious. That song that was played in all the songs in that video. It's a direct message and they're trembling. They are trembling. Yeah, it's happening. It is you just tuning in. Welcome. I am going to go and that's fine right there. You see the clues? Yeah, right there. Maybe there's a got above but all I've ever learned for love. Was how to shoot somebody who out drew you. It's what he said. It's not a cry you hear at night. It's not someone who's seen the light. It's a cold and it's a broken. Hallelujah. Truly is a broken. Hallelujah. Terror. I ain't got nothing else to say. I'm not. I'm done. So I'm going to go and I'm with that being said, hello. Hello. Wherever you are in any part of the world. Hello from my heart to yours. Love you. Have a wonderful rest of your morning. Give the video a thumbs up. Thank you. It's 17. There are 17 thumbs up. There's the number 17 again. What's happening right now on this earth is extremely spiritual. It's extremely serious. I would not take these elections lightly whatsoever. They are earth shattering. What's about to happen? Earth shattering world shattering. I'm going to go you all have a wonderful rest of the morning. Think about what's been happened to Trump. If you can think spiritually and you can tie the words of that song in to every bit of this stuff. Not just that song and then go look at the other song. I think there was like an opera like song to. It's extremely powerful message. Have a wonderful rest of your morning. Love you.