 Okay, and same so same question to you now. What does it mean? Were you here the first time? No, I wasn't. I never go to these things. Were you? Did the events of what happened here last inspire you that you want to be here today? And just repeat my question. Correct. I got to understand it. Yeah, after we saw him live on TV getting shot like that, I wanted to come to this. My wife wanted to come to this. And that's why we're here just because of President Trump. And the second point is, I just want to say hi to everybody in weapons 23 Semper Fi. And then so how about you for crowd size? Were you expecting this kind of crowd here today? Not this big. Now the temperament that you're seeing since you've been here today? The temperament here is it's a lot larger, more people than I would thought would be here. It's huge. And everybody's just easy going conversation. There's no attitudes. That's what Trump people I believe is about. We just say people are excited today. Oh, yeah, everybody's motivated. I believe so. What does this show to you about President Trump returning to the very same spot where he could potentially lost his life not even weeks ago? He got he got guts and he's not scared. He's not gonna back down. That's what we need. Why do we need that in this country? Because the country's falling apart. He's gonna put it back together. I'm from Kansas City, Kansas. Yeah, when I watched it on TV, and I saw him get up and shout fight, fight, fight. And I was just really inspired. I was an RFK voter before that. And then later RFK endorse them. So now I get to vote for everybody that I want. So this is fantastic. And I'm thrilled to be here. And I'm thrilled to see what this Unity Coalition has become. And I think it's great for America. So it's fantastic. What about what happened the last time inspired you to change your vote now? When I saw him get up and just my understand my history of Trump just seeing how strong he is and how much we need strength as in leadership in our country. We haven't had a strong leader in a very long time. And it was it was inspiring. It was hopeful. And it was great. Okay, so talk about that moment a little bit when you saw him raise his fist. Now that changed your vote. So when I saw him there and, you know, just watching the news coverage and watching, you know, how he got up, how he was down and then got up and his first thought was to, you know, calm the crowd by letting him know that he's, he's in good shape and and he's willing to fight on. I thought that was that was the American spirit right there. That's what I want for our country. What would you say the mood is here today? I'm amazed. People are happy and we're waiting a long time and it's it's kind of miserable and we're thrilled to be doing it. We're thrilled to be able to support what we see is a wonderful leader for this country. Where are you from? I'm from right down the road, like a 30 second drive. Okay. Okay. So were you here the first time? Yeah, I was. How does it make you feel to be back here today after the events of last time? It's really is really powerful. It's respectable of him to want to come back. It's a great place. There's so many people. Everything's upbeat and happy. I can't wait to see how it is here. All the people talk. Compared to last time when you were here, how does the crowd feel? Is it a bigger crowd than you? And just then you were here the last time around? Do you remember? I think I heard they were expecting around 35,000 people, which is definitely a lot more. I think it'll be crazy. It'll probably stretch way back. It'll be weird to see. I'm glad I got to be closer up front. What time did you get here today? I got here at around eight. Eight o'clock this morning. All right. And why is it worth it? Why is it worth it to be here? And just showing up so early on a Saturday? Why is it worth it? Would you be doing that if it wasn't for the events of last time? Probably. I like Trump as a person. I like his policies. He's a great guy. I enjoy, like, I mean, I can't say I always enjoy listening to him talk, but I really like he's such a good guy. He cares about America so much. And I just I want to be here. I want to be able to see him. I want to just experience that. What does it mean to you that he's willing to come back after what happened last time? I don't think anyone should be able to deny that he cares about America so much. He cares about the people. He needs the vote of America of Pennsylvania. He needs just he wants to finish his speech. The last people only got to hear like 10 minutes of him talking. Yeah. That's actually perfect. So last time around, he only got through a few minutes of his speech. What does it mean that he now gets to finish that? What does that mean to you? I think I think it's great. Everyone gets to hear him talk. All of the people from Pennsylvania's vote are going to get to hear his whole speech. Everything about it. It's it's going to be good. The fact that Vance is going to be here is just amazing. Elon Musk. It's just it's a great environment. So many people here are nice and friendly.