 Hey everybody, I am your host Alad reporting here in Pennsylvania outside of this Trump rally Let's go talk some of his support to see what's going on. We're out here today in Pennsylvania head of this Trump rally Can you tell me a little bit more about why you guys decided to come out? We're tired of the perpetual war I'm more legal immigrants Tired tired of the immigrants tired of those prices, but I need them then don't go down now You guys are younger gentlemen, is that the biggest issue that you guys are facing guys kind of Gen Z voters here? No, not really I pay for my own gas. I don't like it's too expensive I mean, I feel like we all have equal say here older young. I feel like we all have a big part in this I want to ask what do you guys how is the last four years under Joe Biden and Kamal Harris been treating you guys? Yeah, some bullshit Terrible Everything need to go down. Yeah, I'm young and this is my first time voting like I got a car and shit I pay for my own gas that shit sucks. I'm gonna afford a house one day I want us Democrats focus a lot about on abortion specifically what they call women's health Is that an important issue to you guys? Are you guys concerned about a state from state doesn't matter? That's a murder. That's it's murder. Why why if I get an abortion if a woman gets an abortion? It's not murder, but if a pregnant woman gets killed, it's a double homicide. That makes no sense I want to ask I see you're a person of color obviously in the media Trump's constantly called racist Have you heard that stuff? And what do you make of these arguments of Trump's racist? I've never heard him say one racist thing in my life. It's fake news. They edit things He's been he's been his campaign's been working hard to do outreach to the black community Have you seen any of that stuff and do you think it's effective at all? Yeah a little bit There's a lot of black voters a lot of black people going for Trump. So I'm happy happy story. Well gentlemen Thank you guys for your time and enjoy their alley. Yes, sir. You too. Thank you guys Is there a particular policy or something that Trump talks to that excites you the most? I like all of his policy I like no tax on tips. I like being the interest on autos being tax deductible. I Like his policy with the border and that's my favorite I think we should need to deport all of the illegal immigrants and I think that we need to take our country back Absolutely. I know I don't think it was since 2016 that Republicans haven't won here in Pennsylvania a key swing state What do they have to do differently this time around to win? I believe that they don't have to do anything differently. I believe that Biden and Kamala have destroyed the government and I think that's enough for us to win and turn the state red again Absolutely. I know originally it was Joe Biden who was the Democrats pick But then they swapped out Kamala Harris after a bad debate performance by Biden. What did you make of all that stuff? I believe that was the government's Basically They were admitting that he was on sound unfit and not of the right mind to rule this country But that took away the vote of all of those Democrats to put a candidate and therefore president that they liked. Were you happy to see the swap? I'm happy because I think it's working out in our favor And I think Kamala is you know, she's not the most intelligent person. She has no policies and she's full of word salad If Kamala Harris were elected president, she'd be the first female president You're obviously a woman would send mean anything to you the final so-called glass ceiling. That means nothing to me I believe that women have tons of rights and I think that we've come very far throughout history in terms of our rights And I don't I'm not voting on gender for a presidential candidate I'm voting on who's going to get things done and who's going to save America Absolutely. The Democrats big pitch has been nowadays about women's rights so-called women's rights and abortion access What do you make of that pitch to woman? Is that an important issue? Yeah, I believe that Trump has turned it over to the states for the states to regulate it And I believe that was the best decision to make Were you happy to see Roe v. Wade be overturned on the heels of Trump's Supreme Court appointees? I was happy that it was handed over to the seats. Absolutely. Trump did pick JD Vance for his VP pick What do you think of JD? I love JD. JD is great. He's been so well spoken with the media. He defends Trump and his own policies very well, and he doesn't take any bullshit from them at all Interesting story behind JD a few years ago. He was actually a never Trump her, but I guess now has seen the light What do you make of that transformation the evolution of JD Vance? I think just like every other American he's seen the devastation and the Destruction of our country over the last four years and he knows that Trump's the only person that's going to get it done In a recent New York Times interview JD asked was asked if in 2020 he would have voted to certify the election He said no. Are you happy with that answer? I am very happy with it. I don't I believe the election was stolen So we're out here today in Pennsylvania ahead of this Trump rally. Can you tell me a little bit more about what brought you out? Oh we like Trump he represents our values and I Think he's gonna make America great again. Absolutely. They're supporting you said you like his values. He represents your values Is there anything that he speaks to in particular that really excites you as a voter? Yeah, all the policies align with What we believe and he can be able to deliver it. That's why We are supporting him. Absolutely. Have you guys supported him in the past or you guys our first time first time supporting him What brought you guys around this time? This is the third time he's running No, we just got our citizenship here in America. So It's a big opportunity for us to vote and exercise our right as a citizen of this country. Absolutely It's funny because the Democrats and Kamala Harris have been calling Donald Trump a threat to democracy Have you heard this stuff and what do you make of that when you hear that? Yeah heard about that, but it depends and What you what news are you going to? What? but you really need to If you look for truth You have to find for it not by just hearing it To follow up on that many people in the media call Trump racist Have you heard this stuff and do you believe any of that? I think I don't believe to be like being Discriminated being a racist or something. So we have a equal opportunity in this America in this country So that's a good thing for us. Absolutely. I want to ask you a little bit about Kamala Harris. She's the current VP What do you think about how her and Joe Biden are running the country? Oh I think They They're not like really deliver what they we expect for them to deliver That's why we got a lot of stuff going on in the country So that's the one that's one of the reason why we are supporting campus last thing I wanted to ask you is what would be your biggest fear under Kamala Harris administration if she were to be elected? Our biggest fear is I don't know where though. I think she's a weak leader so with Trump being President already and He can be a good leader for us and not only for the US but throughout the whole world. Absolutely, sir Thank you so much for your time. Was there anything else you wanted to mention? I appreciate your time. Thank you a little bit more about why decided to come out. I'm here to support my mother She's a huge Trump fan and I just thought I should be there to support her. I'm undecided So I like to hear both sides of each issues and I I'm open to hearing what President Trump has to say Is there something in particular he could do or say tonight to win you over as a voter? Um, I wanted to hear more about how he felt about the central banking system And I know he's probably like the only president that I heard talk about that in the Federal Reserve So I was really interested in hearing what he had to say about that and I also would like to hear more about how he feels about You know black and justices in America I Really hear so many issues of people saying that Trump is racist But I would like for him to talk on that subject in particular Many in the media do call him racist for years now. What's your reaction to that? Um, You know, I don't trust the media and what they say, you know My mom is a very educated woman and you know, she she believes in Trump and I believe in my mom So, you know, I'm here to support her, but I don't always trust what the media says So I'd rather hear it from the horse's mouth I want to ask you're obviously a female person of color that's some of the Democrats core constituency What would you say to possibly reach out to Democrats? Who are people of color who are sold on their message, you know, just do your own research Try not to be so biased try not to trust and everything that you hear on TV do your own research And once you start doing your own research and going down that rabbit hole You can make an honest opinion based off of that, you know And I feel like everybody deserves a fair chance, but Trump definitely has my attention when it comes to certain things that he talks about and I just like how direct he is and how you know, you know not so He doesn't just bow down to the media and I like that if Kamala Harris were to be elected She'd be the first black female president. Is that important to you the sort of last class ceiling, you know Um, just to break that stigma is huge just to even have a woman president Period, you know women haven't been treated equally in this country for a long time and I feel like Kamala Harris, you know She may not be the woman for the job But I do feel like it's time in America that we start listening to black women and what they have to say politically So we're out here today in Pennsylvania ahead of this Trump rally, can you tell me a little bit more about what's that? What made you decide to come out? It was local I've been wanting to see Trump I voted for Trump the first time around and second time around And I want to see him in office this time around what in particular about Trump made you want to vote for him three times now Well, he his values align with my values if you can see my hat. I'm a Navy veteran 17 years in the service. I fought to protect this country and keep it from socialism and Trump's values align with my values in that regard. Absolutely. Thank you for your service. I wanted to get what's your reaction to many Democrats? Accusing Trump of being a threat to democracy I think they're more of a threat to democracy the way I see it there their values seem to align with socialism Between that and January 6th many Democrats are saying this sort of disqualifies him that and all the cases against him What do you make of these Democrats effort to kind of disqualify Trump? It's all a show it's all a show if you dig down deep enough follow things closely enough you'll see it's just a show and they really don't want to see him in office because they're completely afraid of him and they're they're Their abuse of and corruption of the system Let me ask Joe Biden was the original Democrat pick until they had a bad debate and swapped him out for Kamala Harris What did you make of that whole predicament? I? Think Democrats should be upset that the man that they voted for on the primaries Got pushed to the side and they put in someone else who had no no votes and no primary contender Well, are you happy to see them swap out Joe Biden for Kamala Harris? Do you care? Well, I care to the fact that it just doesn't seem fair. It's not right. It's un-american to do it like that One of the main major pitches from the Democrats about Kamala Harris is that she's a woman She'd break the last so-called glass ceiling. Have you heard this stuff? What do you make of that? In my opinion? It's the candidate their policies for qualification gender race Ethnicity none of that matters in this race your your policies and your record is what matters to me One of the biggest policies that the Democrats are talking about this election cycle is so-called women's health and abortion access What do you make of Democrats making that the key to their campaign trying to appeal to women Democrats always seem to make abortion? a national political debate for every on federal election and The Supreme Court did what they're supposed to do and kicked that down to the states That's a state's rights issue and that's where it belongs. It's not a federal issue Is that to say you were happy to see Roe v Wade be overturned? I'm not happy one way or the other it doesn't really affect me But I believe that they made the right decision and kicking it down in states Last thing I wanted to hit on if Kamala were to be elected. What would you fear most about a Kamala Harris administration? her ineptitude and her Incompetence and her Her war on the Second Amendment. Absolutely, sir. Thank you so much for your time. Is there anything else you wanted to mention? No, that's fine That's good. I'm Enjoy your day and thanks for coming. Thank you for your time, sir. Thank you again for your service There's something particular about Trump that excites you as a voter Bringing everything back to the states as far as fueling I drive trucks for work and everything and our prices skyrocketed for fueling trucks specifically Having the Keystone pipelining ago is huge for me Working in the trades. That's why I love Trump. Absolutely I want to ask Democrats this election around have been focusing on how Donald Trump is it allegedly a threat to democracy? Have you heard this stuff and what do you make of that attack by Democrats? I think he was already the president for four years. So if he was a threat to democracy, it would have happened already What do you make of Democrats who say you know? Between that and January 6th this stuff disqualifies him from being president I just think that's bs personally. I don't think he had anything to do with it. Absolutely Kamala Harris if elected she would be the first female vice president this so-called last glass ceiling Does that matter to you at all that she's a woman? No, I have two sisters and a mom. I love women Just not her. She's not the one Absolutely Democrats other picture around has really been about so-called women's rights when it comes to abortion What do you think of that being the main pitch by Democrats this election cycle? I don't know. That's not my place to speak on that. Um I don't know. I just don't think that Basically abortion should be a form of birth control. Uh, I think it's a Specified case where it should be in use. It shouldn't just be due to um misuse of our Female and male body parts. Absolutely. Last thing I wanted to ask you about is trump's vp pick. We got jd vans What do you think of jd? Are these extremely articulate? Um, he's very well spoken and I think he's the perfect story of coming from literally nothing Yeah, not only coming from nothing but coming around from being an anti-trump and never trump in the past Have you heard this stuff? Does it matter that he was never trump in the past? Yeah, I think um Basically i've had discussions about it before um It's a lesser of two. I don't want to say two evils But it's kind of when you have these two selections I think that obviously he has a clear choice of picking trump and he changed his mindset on that originally my family and I we were ben karson fans and uh That kind of when trump got the ticket then that's who our guy was we weren't for biden or Kamala harris, absolutely, sir. Thank you so much for your time. Is there anything else you want to mention? No, i'm good Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Take care. Have a good one. Thank you guys. Hey everybody Thank you guys so much for tuning into another episode Let me know what you thought of the video down in the comments. If this is your first time here guys Please be sure to like comment and subscribe until next time stay barely informed