 Good evening, I'm Adriana Diaz. This is a scene where the air is live tonight. Moments after shots have rung out at a rally where President Trump was addressing the crowd. Our Scott McFarland is there. I'm going to bring him in tonight, but the scene has been described as chaotic. Several shots were heard. President Trump hit the stage. Secret Service came in and we're gonna bring in Scott McFarland to let us know what he has seen and heard Scott. Adriana, it was a series of explosive sounds just about five minutes into the President's rally, the former President's rally here in Butler County, Pennsylvania. We saw the Secret Service rush the podium when the noises began, move President Trump, former President Trump off the stage, and when he emerged he appeared to have some blood somewhere near one of his ears. He raised his fist in defiance and moved with the Secret Service detail to some type of motorcade vehicle and this rally has since ended. This was about 605 on the East Coast. The series of explosive noises shuttered through this crowd. So many of the thousands of people here went to the ground as law enforcement, what appeared to be some form of paramilitary or Secret Service detail, rushed to the left side of the stage behind former President Trump. They appear to move someone or something out of the way and now this crowd, this rally crowd, is departing. The former president has been moved off-site. A series of explosive noises five minutes into the former President's rally here near Pittsburgh. He appeared to emerge defiantly with his fist in the air but with some type of blood coming near one of his ears. We're working to get more information right now but we can tell you this crowd is agitated. They are at some point defiant. Some are refusing to leave, some are in tears, but this rally appears over Adriana. It looks like a chaotic scene there in Pennsylvania. Scott, just horrific news and this is a crowded area with I'm sure what was very heavy security. Scott, can you explain to me what kind of security people need to go through just to get to these fairgrounds? You need to be screened to enter this area. We all had to go through magnetometers, had to have our bags checked, had to have our electronics checked. There is a visible Secret Service detail. You can see it in each corner of these fairgrounds in Butler County, Pennsylvania. I can tell you when the series of explosives went off, some of us were confusing it for what would sound like firecrackers but it was quite clear to the crowd immediately that there shouldn't be firecrackers going off here and so many people took cover. We jumped beneath the rafters upon which I'm standing which is behind the seated part of this crowd. Others just hit the deck, got into the grass. The former president was, you may see this better than me from the footage, removed by a Secret Service detail that seemed to pounce immediately. In fact, a lot of people were conflating this for firecrackers that didn't go down until they saw the former president get rushed by his security detail. We can't speak to his condition right now. All we can say is he jumped back up, raised his fist in the air. The crowd cheered when he did and he appeared to have some bit of blood on his head at the time. Raised his fist in the air. We are all praying that he is okay. We understand the Secret Service has whisked him away. In the motorcade, the FBI, we're told, is aware but this right now just as it's happening is a Secret Service investigation. Scott, this comes as all eyes were really on this rally because we are just days before the Republican National Convention and at any moment the president, the former president was expected to announce his VP pick. So this was a significant rally and you know at a time where there's been a lot of scrutiny, a lot of focus on who that could have been. We are getting in some commentary from JD Vance, the senator from Ohio who was one of the contenders, one of the contenders for former President Trump's VP pick. He has written on X. Everyone join me in praying for President Trump and everyone at that rally. I hope everyone is okay. It is a sentiment that we all echo. Scott, can you tell us what is happening now? We're seeing some pictures likely from earlier of a motorcade being taken out and security personnel and camouflage heading in with long guns surely trying to secure the area. I'm seeing another ambulance move in right now Adriana. Pardon me as I look away but I see another ambulance behind one of the rafters near where former President Trump was speaking. This crowd is 90% gone from the seating area. They've moved back behind us and some of them in the direction of their cars or towards all the the walking areas that got them. The very long walk from the parking lots to the rally site. We see no shortage of medical units. I'm looking at one, two, three fire trucker medical units nearby, a police detail keeping the crowd away from that area. To be clear this is a heavily secured event. This is not just a hanging out at the county fairgrounds. You had to get wanted. You had to go through metal detectors. You had to go through a secret service protected detail to get into this site and people were arriving here as early as 10 or 11 this morning. People were entering this area as early as one o'clock this afternoon. They've been screened which begs any number of questions. I could also tell you it's worth noting the crowd. Some of them are being particularly hostile. They're yelling in the direction at us, yelling in the direction of authorities but they are emptying out. Rally's over. It's incredible Scott how quickly that crowd emptied out when we were talking just moments ago. It was packed and now when we just saw you recently, you know, you can see that that area has been cleared. I can hear the yelling behind you Scott. No doubt this is a difficult, frightening moment for everyone who was there, everyone across the country who was watching for there to be shots to have been fired toward the president. And at this point it's too early to know exactly what happened. We saw him reach up and touch his head. We don't know if he was hit. We don't know if he was grazed. We don't know if someone else was hit. You just told us Scott that you saw an ambulance at the scene. But this is a moment that is going to change the trajectory of this campaign. Already so much focus had really been on this campaign on the side of President Biden. Now we are talking about the unthinkable potentially former President Trump on stage as shots ring out here in Butler County Pennsylvania. Scott can you tell us a bit of what you're seeing now? What are people yelling behind you? Now they're yelling at us, some of the members of the crowd gesturing towards us and screaming of all guarantees at the media. We're all in a row here on the rafters above the stage, above the seated area. But I could see police or law enforcement of some sort, Secret Service, state police or county police moving the crowd out. They're getting everybody out of here, which raises a few possibilities, doesn't it Adriana? That they have to collect some type of evidence or investigate some type of incident, some type of crime. If these were in fact gunshots, are there concerned about everybody's safety as people are now moving in aimless directions, bumping into each other, bumping into tossed equipment? There's a lot of debris around here too. People just hit the ground, chairs were toppled. We've jumped beneath our our elevated stage, cameras and stands and tables fell on top of us. It was a chaotic moment. I don't think that's over skating it once everybody recognized two or three seconds in these might be gunshots. It was a sequence, a fast sequence of explosive as somebody had lit off 10 or 12 fire crackers in a row and it's easy to conflate firecrackers and some types of gun rounds. But once everybody recognized something was afoot here when the Secret Service moved in to former President Trump, everybody recognized the severity of the situation and there were people moving in different directions, running into each other or just face planting into the grass or into the ground. And you can see still from my vantage point on the other side of this camera, people in tears, people hugging each other, people comforting each other. That's the scene in Butler County, Pennsylvania where there was to be a marathon rally of former President Trump that only got five minutes in before this incident occurred. Scott, what you're describing is horrific. This is this is the worst possible scenario at an event like this. Our politicians are supposed to be able to address the public in a safe environment and that is why there is so so much security, the security that you've described, people being wandered down, having their backs checked just to get into that area and you know we understand why tensions are so high, why people are so emotional there. This is really just it's a tragic moment and when you were there, when it happened Scott, did you know you mentioned it sounded like firecrackers. How long did it take for people in the crowd to realize what was happening? Took about four or five seconds for a lot of us to recognize that first of all firecrackers shouldn't be lit or ignited at an event like this so there was something suspicious about it even though it sounded like firecrackers there was a pretty quick realization this could be something much more dangerous and let me be unequivocal about something. This is a security failure of epic historic proportions that there was some type of explosive noise. The former president had to be tackled and taken off stage by a Secret Service with blood appearing to come from his head that a crowd of thousands at a presidential rally had to hit the ground some of them colliding with each other equipment falling on their heads and our heads at one point no matter what this ends up being this was a security failure at an event that is secured by the US Secret Service in any number of other law enforcement agencies where everybody in the space had to be screened and wanted by metal detectors and officers.