 Brand new polling data suggests that Donald Trump's on pace for victory in the key swing state of Pennsylvania. What is up, people of the internet? It is me, Real American, back again with a new video, and today, we have to talk about the 2024 presidential election, because brand new data suggests that Donald Trump's on pace for victory in the key swing state of Pennsylvania. Now, I am not saying it's a foregone conclusion Trump's gonna win Pennsylvania. I still think that there is a pathway for Harris, but in the last couple of days, it seems like there has been more data to suggest, uh, yeah, Trump's probably gonna win Pennsylvania. And that's critical because, let's face it, whoever wins Pennsylvania more than likely is gonna win the presidency. Because if Trump wins Pennsylvania, well, at that point, he just needs Georgia, and he's at 270. While Harris, if she gets Pennsylvania, that hurts Trump quite a bit because now he has to win a state like Arizona and Wisconsin, just to barely crack 272. At that point, for Harris, she just has to win Wisconsin and Michigan, which if she is in fact winning Pennsylvania, there's a good chance of that happening because the three states of Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania, they vote together. It happens once in a while where like Wisconsin votes the other direction, but most of the time, if Pennsylvania goes Democrat or Republican, all three of them go the same way. So if Harris is winning Pennsylvania, there's a good chance of the bare minimum she's up in Michigan, where at that point, yeah, she just needs one more state. That's all she needs at that point. That's why Pennsylvania, that's why everyone's spending so much money on the state. Because if you win it, you're probably gonna win the presidency. If you lose it, well, you're probably done, especially if you're Trump, because at that point, you gotta run the table. You cannot afford to lose any other state except Nevada. That is a very risky strategy because if you lose just one state, it's over. But with Pennsylvania and Georgia, you for sure get 270 if you're Trump. That's why Pennsylvania, everyone's throwing everything at the state. They are gonna spend hundreds of millions of dollars on the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania just because of that one fact. If Trump wins it, how does he lose? Do you really think George is gonna vote Democrat if Harris is losing Pennsylvania? I doubt it. I know these are different states, but at that point, Trump's got it. And even if he loses Georgia somehow, well, he wins Wisconsin more than likely. And at that point, if he just wins even Nevada, he's got the presidency. And that's why the data suggesting Trump's gonna probably win Pennsylvania is not good news for Harris. Now, I know everyone's gonna say, but the RCP average is tied. Yes, right now, it is in fact tied. But there's a big catch to that. For starters, you have the New York Times with their horrendous poll. I've done multiple streams going over that poll. Just look inside of it. They have the electorate like Biden plus five, Biden plus six, D plus three. It's like, wait, what? You're gonna claim that Biden won Pennsylvania by five points, yet you can only get Harris up by four? If Harris is doing a point worse than Biden in Pennsylvania, Trump's got it. And of course, Quinnipiac is Quinnipiac. But the other pollsters like Emerson, which I know they released a national poll just a day ago, where they had Trump down by a point. Well, now they released a poll out of Pennsylvania that has Trump up by a point. And not just that, but with the leaners, he's at 51%. So he's up by two points, according to Emerson. That's a big deal. Because do people just forget 2020? Look at this. Back in August of 2020, Biden was winning Pennsylvania by six and a half points. Yeah, six and a half points. He was up in Pennsylvania. You think that's a fluke? 2016, it was even worse. Clinton plus nine. And we all know Trump won Pennsylvania by under a point. 2020, he lost it, but the polling was still off by six points. The fact that Trump's tied according to RCP, and that's what two horrendous polls, I mean, Quinnipiac, we all know their garbage. But the New York Times, you scroll down here and their last poll in Pennsylvania was Biden plus six. And now they have it, Harris plus four. If the same polling misoccurs that occurred back in 2020, Trump's got it. He is currently winning Pennsylvania by a couple points. And you keep going, Quinnipiac, we all know they are a trash pollster. Their final poll was Biden plus seven. And this wasn't three months before the election. This was two weeks and they were off by six. Hell, they had Biden plus 13 just a month before the election. Off by 12. That is garbage. The fact that Quinnipiac now has Harris only up by three. That's not good for her because if Quinnipiac has even half the error they had back in 2020, that means Trump's winning by a point. I really want to know how that's somehow good news for Harris because if if the point error is the exact same, which there's a possibility it could be off even more right now because of the insane response bias. Well, you're losing Pennsylvania and therefore Trump's pathway to winning is all but secured. That's not good news for Harris. She should be up by four to five points. If I'm Kamala Harris, I want to be up in the polling average by four to five points. Not just because of one pollster having Harris plus four because if you're up by only one, hell, you're not even up by a point, you're still tied. Well, there's a good chance that there in fact is a point miss and that doesn't even account for a response bias that we have been seen in the polling. We know this for effect. Even RMG research the same pollster. A bunch of people on Twitter ran around with two weeks ago saying Kamala Harris has a surge. She's up by five points. Now they have Trump up by two. So is it now a fake poll or maybe just maybe the theory that there's been a response bias in polling is true. I'm not denying the idea that Kamala Harris is doing better than Biden. I'm not denying that. I think that's a legitimate argument. But right now if the polling error is just a point in favor of Trump, he is winning Pennsylvania. And I'm being generous more than likely if you have pollsters like Quinnipiac and New York Times pushing out crap like this, there's a good chance the polling miss is closer to two to three points. I'm not saying that's for sure going to happen, but when you look at the newer polling from like RMG research or even Emerson, it does strongly suggest there was a response bias for Harris, especially a couple of weeks ago. But now that response bias is starting to tamper down just a little bit, but it's enough for Emerson to find Trump up by a point in Pennsylvania. Is that does I mean he's for sugar to win? Of course not. Like I said, there's a pathway for Harris here. But if you're the Harris campaign, knowing that Biden was supposed to win Pennsylvania by six points at the same time back in 2020, you want to be up by four to five points at the bare minimum, not tied. And even in 2020, the final average for the RCP average was spot on. But yet again, it was because of pollsters like Sussacuan, Trafalgar, insider advantage, having Trump slightly ahead. If it wasn't for that, you're talking about like a four point miss because of Marist. That's why Trump being just even tied in the average is a big deal. And Emerson's not the only one in recent days to find Trump either tied or slightly ahead in Pennsylvania. Signal, which I know is a Republican poll. I get it. They found Harris only up by a point. And a quick reminder that we were told for weeks now, no, for about a month now that Kamala Harris's best polling was going to happen in August. So if her best polls are Harris plus one from Signal, which I know is Republican pollster, but they tend to be accurate more often than not. If it's Harris plus one right now, that's not good, but it does show a consistent trend compared to just a week ago, a week ago, you had the New York Times Quinnipiac finding Harris plus three Harris plus four. But now the recent polling, it's Trump plus one Harris plus one. Some of the national polls suggest Trump's up again. Does that mean that he's for sure going to win? No. But it does seem like, yeah, the response bias that was in fact impacting the polls, which I was saying for weeks now, that was the case. That was going to happen. And right now we still need more polling, but it really does look like the response bias is starting to fade, even if it's just a little bit. If there's still response bias, even then, if Trump's winning in the RCP average come September, which is entirely possible, Harris is cooked. Because if she is not winning by five points come September 1st, let alone just not even losing, if she's down by a point, she's cooked. Hell, you could argue she's up by a point. She's probably done because that's supposed to be her best polling. The month of August historically has been the best numbers for Democrats. And she is doing piss poor even compared to Biden compared to Clinton. She's tied and that's with two garbage pollsters. But you might be saying, well, it's the polling. Maybe it's wrong. Maybe it's somehow overstates Trump. Fine. All right. That's a possibility, I guess. Well, look at voter registration. Look at this. In November of 2020, Democrats had a 685,000 voter registration advantage in Pennsylvania. Right now it is 357,000. And these aren't just ancestral Democrats from Western PA becoming Democrats or Republicans now. No, these are new voters. Look at the change from July. Republicans gained 21,000 new voters. Democrats gained only 5,000. A quick reminder, this was happening right when the Harris quote unquote surge was happening. Yeah. What a surge for Democrats. Okay. Yeah. The polling got closer, but the raw data from voter registration suggests, uh, no, there is not a Democrat surge. Like they gained 5,000 voters, but Republicans gained over 21,000 voters. Four times the amount. Where's this mystical surge at? Because if Democrats were in fact gaining a real surge, I'm not talking about an artificial one being pushed by the media. I'm talking about, yeah, Democrats are really enthusiastic. There's momentum for Harris. Where's then the raw data? Voter registration isn't everything. I get it. It can be misleading and I'm not denying that part of this is because of former Democrats that have been voting Republican for 30 years. They finally switched party affiliation. I get that. That's part of it. But you look at the data, you realize these are not just Democrats. These are new voters. So you're telling me that the enthusiasm search for Harris in Pennsylvania, not just some random state. This is Pennsylvania netted them 5,000 new voters. That's it. While Republicans gained 21,000 voters. Where's the surge act? Again, I'm not denying that she is doing better than Biden because well, Biden was just doing so bad that people were begging for something else. Like, please God, give us something different, not Joe Biden. And they got Kamala Harris. Like, okay, it's better than Joe, but it seems like the enthusiasm search, which now it looks like it was just an artificial surge by the media. That's not what Harris needed. They were banking on having a three month long surge till the election. They were banking on that. But now it's clear that there really isn't any search for Harris and any surge. There might have been a week or two ago. It's gone. If this pace keeps up for Trump, he's going to win Pennsylvania quite easily. Like I'm not saying by 10 points, but compared to like 2020 and 2016, he might win it by two to three points. If this keeps up, I'm not saying that's for sure going to happen. But at the peak for Harris was being tied in the average and Trump has a history of outperforming the polling by several points and the raw data suggests that the Democrats surge. It really didn't manifest. That's not a good combination whatsoever. Anyways, folks, thank you so much for watching. If you guys did enjoy this video, smash the like button down below. Subscribe share with your friends. Hit that little bell. Follow the social media accounts in the description down below. And of course, join the channel today. Godspeed to all of you. Thank you.