 Speaking of Donald Trump, take a look at this moment from yesterday at a grocery store in Pennsylvania. The surprise of a lifetime for a mother there as Donald Trump gives a hundred dollar bill at the checkout line to a mother of three there in Pennsylvania. Her name is Jenny Kants and she joins us live right now on Live Now from Fox. Jenny, thanks so much for being here with us today. And first off, just tell me about this surprising moment. You're at the checkout line and you see the president there, Donald Trump, coming to you with a hundred dollar bill. What's your reaction? It was great. He was super friendly and I had zero expectation. We obviously knew he was going to be there that day, but I had zero expectation. He was going to hand me any money. So that was a huge surprise. And, yeah, it was just it was awesome to meet a former president and especially Donald Trump. He was very nice. And tell us what you are going to do with that hundred dollar bill. Are you going to frame it? Are you going to spend it? What's the plan there? I'm going to frame it. For sure. Now, tell us the moment because we see it on video there and I'm for people that weren't in the grocery store store. Just what is the scene like when you see the former president there? You're at the checkout line. But what's the scene like around him? It was chaos. But, you know, it was so fascinating to see the way his media and the secret service all work together. They were all so kind, so respectful and cordial. At one point, there was a man from the media who was very close to me trying to get a view of Trump. And he was like, I'm so sorry, ma'am. I'm so sorry to be right in your face. Yeah, they're very respectful. It was it was a great experience, honestly. And talk about timing. So you're there. And of course, you're at the checkout line there. And it just happens to be that moment where it's time to pay up. And then he comes over with the hundred dollar bill there. And I mean, the surprise on your face, it was it was a shock, but it was also it looked like enjoyment as well. Oh, yeah, I mean, yeah, it was it was a surprise. But also I was having so much fun that day while yesterday, because I mean, it's just a once in a lifetime opportunity to meet a president and especially a president that we voted for twice. And we plan to vote for again this year. And yeah, we were just we were shocked and just so grateful for that opportunity. And let's talk about grocery prices. What have you been seeing in your area in Pennsylvania just in the last couple of years? It's been disheartening because it feels like the healthy staples that moms want to be their families are what is just out of hand. Take eggs, for example. They're ridiculous. I actually looked back at my Walmart purchases from previous years. I was able to go back as far as twenty twenty one and I paid four dollars and change in twenty twenty one for thirty six pack of eggs. So two eighteen cartons on top of each other. That same pack of eggs yesterday was over ten dollars. So it's definitely hitting young families hard. Yeah, I can imagine there. And you see it at the grocery prices, really everything that you picked up, you say, OK, this is a little bit different than what you're used to there. Now, going back to the moment there one more time for our viewers that are maybe just joining us here on Live Now from Fox, we are talking to Jenny Katz there, the mother of three who just there was chaos at the checkout line because you have a former president there. You got media members all around and then he comes over with the hundred dollar bill. And what does he tell you as well? We'll play out the video in full. But what did he tell you? Well, he asked if my three boys were standing right behind me, which they were. You can't see them because they're below the counter. But he looked at them and said perfecto, which, of course, like melt any mother's heart. I was like, I think so, too. Well, what an experience. Thanks so much, Jenny, for coming on and joining us here on Live Now from Fox. Truly a moment. I know that you will never forget your family. I'll never forget there and keep that hundred dollar bill framed up there. I will. Thank you so much for having me. You take care. All right. And for our viewers, let's show you the full exchange right here on Live Now from Fox. We'll have the audio up as well. Here, it's going to go down a little bit. It just went down 100 bucks. We'll do that for you for the White House. All right. But nice seeing you, everybody. Beautiful. Beautiful. There you get it. Yes, they are perfecto perfecto. Everybody. There you go. What a moment it was. All right. Coming up in moments, we'll have Donald Trump out in Georgia. We'll take a two minute break. Stay right here with us.