 been one of the most disturbing aspects of this election season about Trump's rise in politics is how we seem to have set aside the values that people like Dan stood for and Bob stood for and that I was taught and those didn't used to be Republican Democratic values. I mean it used to be we'd have arguments about tax policy or foreign policy but we didn't have arguments about whether you should tell the truth or not. We didn't make excuses for people who just violated basic norms of treating people fairly and with respect. I mean just last week I mean I talked about this. We had one of the deadliest hurricanes in American history. A beautiful town of Asheville, North Carolina, one of my favorite places in the country. Spent time there, amazing people, devastated. Hundreds of people killed and President Biden and Vice President Harris were down there meeting with local officials and comforting families asking how they could help and Donald Trump at a rally just started making up stories about the Biden administration withholding aid from Republican areas and siphoning off aid to give to undocumented immigrants. Just made the stuff up. Everybody knew it wasn't true. Even local Republicans said it was not true and now the people of Florida are dealing with another devastating storm and I want you to watch what happens over the next few days just like the last time. You're gonna have leaders who try to help and then there you have a guy who will just lie about it to score political points and this has consequences. As people are afraid and they've lost everything and now they're trying to figure out how do I apply for help and and and someone may be discouraged from getting the help they need. The idea of intentionally trying to deceive people in their most desperate and vulnerable moments and my question is when did that become okay? I'm not looking for applause right now. I want to ask Republicans out there. You know people who are conservative, who didn't vote for me, who didn't agree with me. I had friends who disagreed with me on every issue. When did that become okay? Why would we go along with that? I mean if your co-workers acted like that they wouldn't be your co-workers very long. If you're in business and and somebody you're doing business with just outright lies and manipulates you stop doing business with. Even if you had a family member who acted like that you might still love them but you tell them you've got a problem and you wouldn't put them in charge of anything and yet when Donald Trump lies or cheats or shows utter disregard for our Constitution when he calls POWs losers or fellow citizens vermin. People make excuses for it. They think it's okay. They think well at least he's owning the libs. He's really sticking it to them. It's okay as long as our side wins and and and by the way I'm sorry gentlemen I've noticed this especially with some men who seem to think Trump's behavior the bullying and the putting people down is a sign of strength and I am I am here to tell you that is not what real strength is. It never has been. Real strength is about working hard and carrying a heavy load without complaining. Real strength is about taking responsibility for your actions and telling the truth even when it's inconvenient. Real strength is about helping people who need it and standing up for those who can't always stand up for themselves. That is what we should want for our daughters and for our sons and that is what I want to see in a president of the United States of America. And the good news is that you have candidates to vote for in this election that demonstrate that kind of character who know what real strength looks like who will set a good example and do the right thing and leave this country better than they found it. So Pennsylvania that is the choice in this election. It's not just about policies that are on the ballot it is about values and it is about character. So whether this election is making you feel excited or scared or hopeful or frustrated or anything in between do not just sit back and hope for the best get off your couch and vote. Put down your phone and vote. Grab your friends and family and vote. Vote for Kamala Harris as the next president of the United States. Vote for Tim Walz as the next vice president of the United States. Vote for Bob Casey and this whole incredible Pennsylvania Democratic ticket. Help your friends and family members and neighbors and co-workers do the same because if enough of us make our voices heard we will leave no doubt about the election outcome. We'll leave no doubt about who we are and what America stands for and together we'll keep building a country that's more fair and more equal and more just and more free. That is our task. That is our responsibility. Let's go do it. Thank you Pittsburgh. Thank you Pennsylvania. Let's go vote. I was former president Obama wrapping up we're at times what we're at times passionate emotional remarks in Pittsburgh the first stop on his sprint through swing stage four Kamala Harris