 Check one, check two. Two weeks ago in Pennsylvania, Butler, Pennsylvania, the president of the United States was almost killed. And two weeks later, right here in the great state of Pennsylvania, Pow! Trump returns to Harrisburg. The brevity of it all. I didn't think he would run away. But no, he came back. He's back in the heartland, Trump is. Harrisburg, Pennsylvania today, reporting to you live. And look at all this Trump support. Trump support for as far as the eye can see. Here in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. It's a runaway. Oh, it's a runaway Trump train. That's a runaway Trump train. That's a good catch. Marcus Conte reporting live from the Harrisburg, Pennsylvania Trump rally. Has a lot of people. That's all I could say about it. And only two weeks ago he was here. Trump was. To show his love, try to win over the people of Pennsylvania to his side to become Republicans or whatever. And in doing that he got shot in the face. But here we are. I don't see anybody afraid. Is anybody afraid? They just see families. They just see people. Oh, there's some some copyrighted music. So we're going to go the other way. Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba. Yeah, so lots of Trump love. I don't know about numbers, but I would probably I'd probably say is a few thousand people here. And it's a good feeling. It's very, very peaceful. It's calm. It's very hot out today. And Trump is expected to speak tonight at 6 p.m. 6 p.m. He addresses the great the great center of the country. Southern Pennsylvania. They're in Trump's pocket. It seems, isn't it? Doesn't it seem that Trump has struck a nerve in Pennsylvania? I think so. I think it's working. I think it's working for Trump. Watch the horse ship while you're talking and be careful. Don't step on the horse. Sirens going off. There's people chatting and walking. So it's a long and winding road. And I imagine they're going to simulcast it. Do some simulcasting out on a big screen somewhere, I would imagine. But that's all I can really say about it. It's a lot of merchandise and merchandise. You could watch the rally for yourself. This is where the people are. People are outside. Trump t shirt. Fight, motherfucker. Fight. Fight. Fight. I'm in the scene. I'm in the scene. Fight. Fight. That shit was wild. We were fighting. We were fighting with Trump. Boom, boom, boom. You get some Texas burgers. Look, there's food. Fry station, pizza. Cheese steak. Royer. Royer. Royer. Royer. Let's get an idea of how big a crowd is. Big crowd. Not from America. They traveled here to support him. Wait, wait, say it again. I was saying that they're not from America. They came here to support him because they know what will happen if Trump does not become president. Right. Right. Who are they? Okay, so they're Korean, but the other people up there. South Korea. And these people up there, they're also walking up. They're not from America either. They're from Japan. They told her. Yeah, Japan. They told me. So everybody's with Trump. They're all for Trump. Well, that's because it's not then I'm pretty sure the end of the world will happen. I don't know. That sounds silly. But I mean, I want to believe that that won't happen. But who are you, by the way? My name is Marcus. I make YouTube videos. Okay. And so you stepped into my frame. So now you're in it. No, it's okay. I'm now you're deep. You're deep in it. So I absolutely love Trump. I absolutely love him. I had somebody asked me the other day. Are you about the facts of the Trump? Were you this or that? And I was like, Listen, I just believe in my heart that Trump loves us and wants to fix America. And I believe that and whether anyone else wants to believe that that's fine. But I'm pretty sure that if Kamala Harris gets elected, we will become a communist country. Sorry. Sometimes speaking is hard for me. What are your pronouns? Duh. I'm a she her woman everything. I that's silly pronouns don't exist. That's what they're trying to make. They're trying to. There's a man. That's it. That's all. They're trying to make it. They're trying to make it into that. I know what they're trying to do. It's identity policy. I remember hearing that Kamala Harris went online and was like, you know how the Olympics were like the opening of the Olympics. That's how I want America to be. Come on, people. We all want to be a people. We all know what happened with that. Like, I don't even have to go into it. Right. So you think you think that Trump can win with all the cheating that goes on? I an assassination that's them two weeks ago, before the Republican Convention. They didn't kill him yet. Well, they think because they're trying. They're trying hard. But let me say this. I started off on the other side of the farm complex. I parked somewhere and I walked and I was like, I'll get to the end of the line. I literally got to the end of this part of the line. And was like, oh, I'm definitely not getting in and walked the rest of the line just to show myself there are so many people out there who love Trump and will vote for Trump and he's going to win. And if he doesn't win, we all know what happened. I mean, we all know that Kamala Harris is like, like, so left. We do. Do you think you think the the hit on Trump, do you think it was intentional? Do you think that somebody planned it? Like I ran or something? I can't really say that because I don't really know. But I will say this. I will. Something was planned. There was a lot of weird things happening. And from what I hear, there was weird, weird coincidences. I don't really I don't know the ins and outs. I did look at us for a little bit. But I'm just saying, like, I don't know the ins and outs. I'm sorry to me. But at the end of the day, I do think that somebody wanted wanted him dead higher up than what we think, because it was too easy for that man to get on that roof. There is no way. There's no way. And the fact that it wasn't vetted, like there was nobody. Yeah, it's very suspicious. Like, it's also that there was a building across the street that could see the whole roof. Well, that makes me even more suspicious. That almost makes me know that they knew he was and I thought they've been calling the man a dictator and a tyrant and a Hitler. They've been calling the Democrats have been calling him that if you want to blame somebody. You know who a dictator is? Biden. Biden wants to be a dictator. But you know what? He can't anymore because he gave it up because he was probably forced to. Obviously, we know he was forced to. So Kamala is trying to take his place. And it's not her though. Somebody else is running her shit. We all know that. Somebody else has got Oh, you know who it probably is. I'm probably wrong. I'm just guessing. But Obama, he's the one who likes to spread hate. He wants everybody to dislike each other. I mean, how did he I think he wanted Michelle to be the candidate? Well, I mean, she didn't want to. And she's smart for that because she would have been eaten alive by everyone about Oprah. Well, how can they run Oprah? But you know, I didn't do Oprah because Oprah has a lot of skeletons in her closet. Not nice ones like to her either. Like she doesn't want her past to be brought up. And I don't blame her because it's not a good one. And not in her like she didn't do anything absolutely wrong. But like she had things happen to her. She doesn't want the world to know. I don't know. She got old. She went away. You know, she took herself out of the fire. Whoopi. You got all these opinions. Whoopi Goldberg. Whoopi Goldberg for president. Oh, she is so trashy too. All of them girls from the V.O. All right, I'm gonna I'm gonna walk. What's your name? Jessica. Jessica. Thanks for thanks for dropping in my in my in my stream. Wow, it's hot out. I had to get out of the shade out of the sun. I gotta get out of the sun. And we're back. Whoo, it's hot here. So, so there was a little flavor a little flavor of the day for you. Here in Harrisburg, Harrisburg, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, where Trump is about to take the stage 6pm. Can't wait. You know, look, looky, looky, looky. This is the the official outside crowd report. Marcus Conte reporting. Official crowd size report estimated at I don't know, 500 600 in front of me. A lot of people standing out in the hot, hot, hot, hot weather to get a glimpse of their president to hear their president speak to them directly in their hometown. They want to hear from their president, Trump. Marcus Conte reporting.