 With just over a week until election day, new polling is showing Vice President Kamala Harris with a slight edge over Donald Trump. A new ABC News poll among likely voters has Harris up by four points, 51% to 47%. That is within the margin of error. The poll also shows Harris ahead of Trump among key demographics. Let's go through them. Harris leads Trump by 30 points among Latino voters, a group that Biden won by a similar 33 points in 2020. According to ABC News exit polling, Harris also has a 19 point lead among suburban women, a six point gain from Biden in 2020. Among black voters, Harris is outperforming Biden's 2020 margin with black men by 14 points and by seven points with black women. With college graduates, Harris has a 10 point gain from Biden in 2020. When it comes to white men with college degrees, Trump won the group by three points in 2020. But now Harris is winning by four points in this poll. And for white women with college degrees, Harris is winning by 14 points. That's more than Biden in 2020. On top issues, Harris leads by six points when it comes to looking out for the middle class and by 10 points when it comes to health care. Harris leads Trump by 11 points in being seen as having the mental sharpness it takes to effectively serve as president. And her advantage widens to 29 points on having the physical health to serve effectively. Most voters see her as honest and trustworthy, likely to understand the problems of people like you to share personal values and to be trusted in a crisis. Meanwhile, more voters think Trump is more likely to say that things are not true. The poll also found registered voters are more than twice as likely to call Donald Trump a fascist than to say the same about Kamala Harris. Joe, what do you make of these numbers? There's a lot of other information to bring in and also what appears to be the closing argument by the Trump side and that contrast with the Harris campaign. We'll start with the last question first. You know, Donald Trump can win. Everybody in his campaign thinks he can win. Every Republican in America, except those that are quietly voting for Kamala Harris, are running around saying he's going to win. They have. I haven't seen a side this confident since Mitt Romney's side in 2012 knew he was going to beat Barack Obama. And they just kept saying that they were they were so sure they're going to win that it was Mitt Romney and Karl Rove who were shocked on election night and knew something had to be wrong with numbers because they weren't winning. So the bubble inside Trump world is overwhelming, saying that Donald Trump is going to win this race. And again, reminds me so much of 2012, everybody was shocked actually when Barack Obama ended up winning and winning easily. We don't know where we are here. It's tied. That is that is the latest. That is the latest of polls. Of course, the last NBC are the last New York Times, the NFL that came out several days earlier, had it tied, but also had her breaking, had things breaking her way. And so hard, hard to say which direction the polls going. I will say that on the closing on the closing arguments, I just again, I've always believed that. And I've told Donald Trump and the distant past and other people in his administration, politics is about addition. It's not about subtraction. And I'm surprised myself by still being surprised by how negative, how exclusionary, how racist the attacks against Puerto Rico, the attacks again against Hispanic, against Hispanic, exactly what Donald Trump said years ago, that Hispanics were breeders. And so it's still surprising to me that any side and any campaign in any part of American history would act that way. But they are just they're completely confident they're going to win. But Jim Cena, you know, there this ABC poll began the latest poll. It's being as soon as the other polls follow it. But you have trend lines going the way the Harris campaign would obviously want it to be. Same thing with Sienna. Sienna had, even though it was tied, had some trend lines where late breakers were breaking dramatically towards her. I think the number I keep going back to and it's a number that I have been looking at for three years now, if Donald Trump is going to run. And the number is forty seven. Donald Trump is at forty seven percent. Donald Trump is at forty eight percent. There was a time when people were cheering the twenty percent that Bobby Kennedy was going to take off the board to make forty seven percent enough. That's not happening now. So I guess if Harris does win and she has a four point lead like fifty one to forty seven, everybody's going to go, you know, why? Of course, you idiots. There was he was never going to get over forty seven percent. Maybe we'll be saying that. But I still think that's the question for Donald Trump to win. This is not even 40 years ago. He's going to have to get forty eight forty nine percent most likely in the national poll. For a lot of reasons, demographic shifts were not going to waste our viewers time with. But but still, that's where I'm still suck. He's got a hard ceiling. How does he win with forty seven percent of the vote nationally, even as you project that toward electoral college votes? Joey doesn't. And you're exactly right. The weird thing is someone should call his campaign and explain your math to them because they have been stuck in forty seven, forty seven and a half for a year. And yet, Joe, what is their closing argument? Their closing argument in a race where they desperately need another point point and a half, maybe two points is to ostracize those same voters to end with anger, to end with racism, to end with an argument that only their base could appreciate and not even all their base. So it's just, you know, campaigns you and I have talked about this a lot are contrasts and you can't end this campaign better if you're the Harris campaign. What you want is very clear optimism, hope and the future over the anger of the past. And Donald Trump is giving you that repeatedly. And, you know, don't believe you and I look at the NBC poll by 10 points late. Breaking voters are moving to her. And you can tell why because she has a message to them. Is it close? Of course it is. Is it always going to be close? Of course it is. But what you need to do at the end is move your voters to vote and to get the persuadables to move at the end. And right now it looks like from early vote numbers and from polls, she's doing that, Joe. That's what I don't understand again. I just never understood the anger, the hatred, the whole idea. And I guess the problem is the party is motivated by one central theme and that is own the lives. They don't realize is when that's their theme, you have conservatives like me more conservative than anybody that spoke last night. You can say that about Liz Cheney to balance the budget four years in a row. I mean, you know, fought for conservative issues actually believed on like J.D. Vance that you push back against Russian aggression. So you want people like me that even if they're not Republicans anymore, just go, okay, well, that's fine. You want guys in Wisconsin, older guys in Wisconsin and Michigan and Pennsylvania going, yeah, that makes a lot of sense. I'm but last night was bizarre and confusing as the final weeks have been. It's optimism versus pessimism. It's joy versus retribution and rage. So yeah, that's what I just did. This one, I just didn't understand about calling Puerto Rico a floating pile of garbage, you know, attacking the United States as he has. But anyway, I want to I want to I want to go back, though, Jim, because you're so perfect for this because you were there in 2012. I think you and I would agree this race is time. We don't we don't know which way it's going to break. But it's crazy. I don't know if it's a pose, but Donald Trump, the people around Donald Trump, the Trump campaign, everybody else, they have been crowing that they've got this in the bag for three months now. And again, I see no data. I see no data privately. I said no data publicly to suggest that they've got this in the bag. And it just seems like a repeat of 2012 when they were saying the same thing about Mitt Romney, that he was going to beat Obama by seven points. And it just never happened. This has got to seem like deja vu all over again to you. Oh, absolutely, Joe. And, you know, at the time, I remember the Romney campaign telling reporters, look at our rallies, look at the momentum, look at the excitement of our base. And that stuff doesn't matter. What matters is sheer, cold, hard numbers. And when you look at who is early voting in Atlanta, when you look at who is early voting in Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania, it tells a very, very different story. And, you know, there's this 10 mile square square mile logic free zone called Washington, D.C. And in Washington, D.C., people are like, oh, look at the momentum Trump has. Show me that from the data. Show me that from the breaking numbers in the NBC poll. Show me this ABC poll. The numbers Mika laid out. I mean, the number I thought was the most amazing Mika was the six point lead for her on middle class who fights for the middle class. That's a really important number for these late breaking voters who are mostly economic voters. And so, you know, you just can't look at this and say he has this in the bag. All they are trying to do is display confidence and try to display strength because it's all they have left. Joe. Well, you know, the last couple polls have shown not just ABC poll, the last couple polls show. And I think that New York Times, you know, poll is also shown, you know, who cares about people like you, who cares more about people like you. And she's winning it and she's winning it pretty comfortably. So again, I don't understand the confidence.