 Hello everybody and welcome back to another EPI video today is October 19th 2024 and we are just 17 days away from the presidential election as well as other very important Congressional elections and elections for governor across these United States So today my main focus was going to be about the state of Pennsylvania. I'm just giving a deep dime and noticing some broadly, I would say Concerning very concerning for Kamala Harris. So let's get right into it First of all Trump leads by point five. So half a point in the polling average He's up in Trafalgar Wall Street Journal Inside her advantage Emerson tip and Rasmussen reports and that's pretty good for him He's tied North Star opinion research as you can see here, but you might slow doesn't have many respondents So it's not too bad for Trump, but he's down to in Quinnipiac and three New York Times, Indiana obviously, those are left leaning pollsters in terms of previous track record, even though they nailed 2022 up and So I don't think they're the best pollsters for the rust belt, but that is like the good news for Harris Obviously Rasmussen is not that good of a pollster, but still they did have Biden up three So, you know that is it is something good for Trump. But the thing is I Think as we all know here it You know the polling aggregate does slightly favor Trump in Trump has unique point of strength here Cuz let's go to something like the 2000 election and you can see Gore was up for right 2004 Kerry was up two and a half 2008 Obama won by over 10 2012 by 5 so Trump's connection to the state with his economic policies Really is what drove him to victory a very narrow one against Hillary Clinton and even a loss that was still the most narrow in This century against Biden back in 2020. So Trump definitely has a unique point of strength there I want to talk about why Pennsylvania is the most important state in the election Which is why we're going to be talking about it so much It's because if you give everybody all their states that they won not in 2020 But like and these doesn't mean safe states just because they're in the deepest color But it's just states that are not considered to be the seven big competitive swing states So if you give each candidate their safer states, let's just say well Kamala Harris, let's just give Trump, North Carolina, right? Let's give him Georgia. He only needs Pennsylvania. Nothing else matters. So that's something key to remember Kamala Harris, let's give her Wisconsin and Michigan if she also gets Pennsylvania nothing else matters. She doesn't need any Sunbelt states so very key there and You can see Pennsylvania is key because we're saying what Trump's slightly more likely to win It's these two Kamala. It seems to be something more like this given my last prediction But let's say she even wins Arizona let's say she even wins Wisconsin still, you know Pennsylvania is still the key state just based off These two being better for Trump and they should be better for Kamala that Pennsylvania seems very key as it has the most electoral votes of any swing state So I think I've explained why it's so key probably the most important state in this election And I've noticed a concerning trend for Kamala Harris here. Here is what it is Politico is headline is Kamala Harris is Pennsylvania problem and Joe Biden's local ties and cultural roots kept him competitive in a culturally conservative Northeastern Pennsylvania Harris's prospects and the heavily Catholic working-class region there are dice here Now obviously she skipped the Al Smith dinner. I don't know how much effect it would actually have among Catholic voters but It is interesting to look at this so America's second Catholic president was visiting his child and neighbor in April and He's like, I'm Joe Biden. He has a connection there and he was gonna be beaten there badly because after the debate his campaign was just collapsing but You know, obviously Harris is better than 2024 Biden is she as good as 2020 Biden? Well, we don't know there Biden's local ties and cultural roots left him to victory in 2020 here But obviously as Democrats battle for the state Kamala Harris is their nominee, you know, she's not a Catholic man she is a California woman of color who is spearheaded post-dab as a porcelain messaging So she's an awkward fit political rights for the state of Pennsylvania, you know have a hard-pressed working-class region That's historically been a locus of anti-abortion activity So I don't know if every like if a majority of voters are actually anti-abortion but again, it's She does remind the voters there of She doesn't Biden reminded them of the older Democrats more focused on economic messages then Kamala who's focused more on abortion and democracy and other stuff like that and Obviously they say here Biden's discomfort we're talking about abortion may have been a Swiss spot modern for the Democrats but Paris by contrast like It's you know For voters that like Northeastern is Pennsylvania Catholics. That's harder. It's it's it's not what they need messaging obviously, it's not terrible, but the emphasis on it is probably too much and As you can see she just does not have the connection it's just it's something Oz it was plagued with in 2022 David Cormack does not seem to have the connection in my opinion and Yeah, so he says here we don't have the Catholic connection with Harris. We don't have the local connection with Harris. So See so there's so as this advertising executive Says there's not really a reason to believe she can approach the numbers by and was able to get last time it doesn't mean she can't win the state but It's it's concerning and It's a big demographic also I just don't think she appeals to the white non-college educated or what would in class vote is nearly as well as binding good as Shown in the teamsters polling, but you can see this here It's not very good for Harris and obviously the Irish sense of history, you know that that's a thing but um She just doesn't connect to it and it's a problem and I know something striking I want I'll display here because obviously You know Bob Casey Jr. Is running for reelection and he is running for reelection Leading by just under four points and with the exception of you mess little and Quinnipiac Every other poll has been two or four points. So a close race, right and he's a popular incumbent, you know Pennsylvanians like him. He's trying to distance himself from Harris very clearly. I didn't know he'd go this far This is surprising. So maybe as an internal poll with the race is a little bit closer than these polls show but and maybe you know Trump's beating combo that's a bigger takeaway because This was surprising to me. Obviously Bob Casey Jr. Supports Kamala Harris for president But this is a very interesting way to running his campaign here's a new ad he released and I just want you to see it because It's key to understanding What what's he trying to convey here? What's this message? So let's play this clip I'm a Republican and I'm a Democrat our marriage pure bliss, but on politics We just don't agree except for Bob Casey. He's independent. That's right Casey's leading the effort to stop corporate greedflation and price gouging Casey booked Biden to protect fracking And he's sided with Trump to end NAFTA and put tariffs on China to stop them from cheating So in this house, we agree. It's Bob Casey who's doing right by Pennsylvania I'm Bob Casey and I definitely approve this message so a surprising I could say a surprising advertisement because he is running on Trump's tariffs and and Buying and trying to restrict natural gas and oil which again tariffs are popular in Pennsylvania trying to ban fracking or restrict natural oil and gas That's not popular. So the ad emphasizes he's bashing by it and not directly Harris, but he's running to Trump and that is a concerning sign for Kamala Harris because He literally praised basically praise Trump a little bit in a sense in that ad and that was just striking to me and maybe it shows his internals that Kamala has some Pennsylvania problem that we're even seeing reflected in the polling average a bit to the point where It's I mean alarm bells for Kamala Harris like look at the election shuffle. I'll do it here. So Let's say Kamala Harris probably gains not as much as Biden did in the Philadelphia suburbs But the Bucks are likely zoomed right actually, but like month Chester, Delaware, Montgomery, right? Let's say she gains I'll give her two, okay She wins by one half right, but then I get but I think bucks trends to the right by two So right word a right word trend which is something that definitely Trump would be open for just likely it's not like the rest of the Pennsylvania suburbs and Here it is. Okay, so that would be a two-point trend to the right and there's that but then of course As you can see she doesn't have much of a connection with Northeastern, Pennsylvania So as you can see through all these counties, I'm gonna multi select them and just trim them Let's let's say not anything nuts But something definitely impactful like five points to the right for Donald Trump just just based off You know these counties in Northeastern Pennsylvania and also just Eastern Pennsylvania because Biden had an advantage all there So let's let's go five points to the right. All right Well as you can okay, that's actually five points to the left So no, but five the election shuffler is pretty funky But five points to the right there it did it. Well now She's only at point 16 Let's give Philadelphia that cuz Trump has been doing better in Philadelphia from last time and likely will continue that trend Well, he's up point 38 and even if you look at the fact that he could gain in some of the working-class You know Northwestern and Southwestern Counties of Pennsylvania because she probably has a less connection there than any vote and probably not as much as the east I'm gonna give him like a three-point shift as you can see here If that's the case he wins by point seven D to exactly the margin won by in 2016. So that's um, That's the thing is It's a bit concerning for Kamala Harris that you have Bob Casey running those ads You see the polling you see no connection with Catholics that Biden had a lot of connection with He was dubbed as the third senator And I'm not saying they should have stuck with Biden Biden didn't have much of a chance after the debate But you do see a general concern for the common Harris campaign I've even heard Mark Halpern say that of all the seven swing states It's her sixth hardest to win and who knows if that's true But I've heard concerns about it and you can even look at Paulie market, which Trump is that 57% now Why is that why and obviously there's still a good portion of things common will win the state of Pennsylvania But I think it's because of all I've outlined Trump is surged recently in Pennsylvania and I think it's because she's a scarily bad fit and I wouldn't panic But it is not a good sign. And if she doesn't win, Pennsylvania Kamala is very likely done So anyways, everybody, thank you so much for watching this video Please make sure to suggest videos in the comment section down below for me to make Please like please subscribe and as always thank you so much for watching epi out