 closing in on a decision. Kamala Harris spends the weekend vetting top vice presidential contenders preparing for a battleground campaign blitz starting in Pennsylvania among the favorites to be the democratic running made Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro were taking the pulse of voters in Shapiro's hometown in Montgomery County. Whoever is selected in the number two spot for the Democrats could indeed make an impact on the race for the White House. Good evening everyone. I'm U. K. Washington Aziza is off tonight. The vice president's decision is expected to come very soon as democratic delegates wrap up their roll call vote tomorrow. Now here are some of the names being considered Governor Shapiro Arizona Senator Mark Kelly Minnesota Governor Tim Waltz Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg Kentucky Governor Andy Bashir and Illinois Governor J. B. Pritzker CBS Philadelphia reporter Dan Snyder joins us now from the newsroom to talk more about the contenders than good evening to you. Good evening Yuki and yeah something to keep in mind here just how quickly this entire process has unfolded. Remember it was only two weeks ago President Biden withdrew from the race and endorsed Harris to lead the party. Usually presidential candidates have months to sort out their vp picks. So the Harris campaign working very quickly on this one and this is just the latest moment in what has been an anything but ordinary election season. This is so dramatic and so different than anything that has happened before. All eyes are on Kamala Harris as we wait for the first major decision of her presidential campaign. Who will be her running mate? Harris's decision is expected soon and CBS News reports she met with three finalists in Washington D. C. On sunday Arizona Senator Mark Kelly Minnesota Governor Tim Walls and Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro. Harris is also having formal interviews with candidates who have not been confirmed in the media both in person and virtually according to a source. The three things she's looking for competence character and core values and she has to have a personal connection and relationship with that person. That's going to be very, very important. Shapiro has been seen as a top contender for weeks. He's a popular governor dealing with the divided legislature and he's from what is maybe the most important state for either side to win. Right now the talk is as Pennsylvania goes, so goes the nation. I think Josh Shapiro easily has the kind of pull where he can carry a state for for Kamala Harris. Former White House aide to George H. W. Bush, Joe Watkins, believes Shapiro should be at the top of Harris's list. Aside from his pull in Pennsylvania, Watkins believes the governor could help shore up support from voters. Harris has struggled to attract independence, of course, swing voters and non college educated voters, which have been a harder sell for her to make. Josh Appearo can make that sale. Watkins says each candidate has their strengths. Kelly brings a standout resume as a combat veteran and NASA astronaut and can help in battleground Arizona. Walls, a former congressman, has been an ardent backer of both Biden and Harris. But Watkins says Pennsylvania's 19 electoral votes should be a factor. But I can't think of anybody who brings the kind of electoral college strength to the ticket that a Josh Appearo brings. Kelly may bring some too, but a Josh Appearo brings tremendous strength through Harris and her running mate are slated to make their first appearance together here in Philly at the Temples Lea Corps Center on Tuesday night. The inquiry is reporting that Republican VP nominee J. D Vance will also be in South Philly that day. Meantime, the next event listed on Donald Trump's website is Friday in Montana. Yuki. Okay, Dan, thank you so much for that. Let's continue our coverage with CBS Philadelphia's Josh Sanders. He went to Jenkins Town today to see what Josh Appearo's neighbors think about his potential pairing. CBS Philadelphia was there when the governor returned to his Jenkins Town home Sunday night, Governor Shapiro. How was your meeting with Vice President Harris? But he did not take questions earlier as Governor Shapiro and Vice President Harris were said to be meeting Sunday in the nation's capital voters in his hometown weighed in on a potential Harris Shapiro ticket. I think he's a great pick, but he's not an astronaut. The guy from Arizona is that's that's an intriguing pick. Astronaut and a fighter pilot. But Shapiro, I think whoever she chooses to be a good, uh, good person to go alongside her. But yeah, I'd be happy to see a Shapiro. He will be a good running mate for her. I mean, he's well known in Pennsylvania, which is one of those states that they wanna be able to carry. But just him as a person, um, I think he would compliment her. I think it's the perfect ticket for that. It's the perfect match because he can even get the votes in Pennsylvania. Shapiro can get all the votes in Pennsylvania and we can go ahead and win it. Others told us they would like the governor to finish out his term leading the Commonwealth. Well, I think she needs Pennsylvania, but there's other I think she should pull from one of the governors from one of the other states. She needs to. I want to save Shapiro. Yeah, I mean, he's from here. He's he's done a great job so far. So you need to make Pennsylvania finished out his term as governor and I think 28 would be his time possibly to run for president. So just not now. I wanted to finish here. Yes. And whether Governor Shapiro gets the not or not, what is clear is he has the support from voters we spoke with Josh Sanders, CBS News Philadelphia. Tonight there is a new poll from CBS News. It finds that right now the race for the White House is close with Kamala Harris having a one point edge over former President Trump nationally. The candidates are tied in the battleground states. We of course will provide the very latest on the race for president on air and online at CBS Philadelphia dot com.