 We want Trump! We want Trump! We want Trump! We need to take a look. We need to take a look. I got here like one o'clock last night. I'm from Ohio. I go all over and follow Trump. Oh, okay. Sure. Not every single one, but most of them. I'm in the front row of the group, so usually some of us are in each one. Just travel to wherever. There's a lot more, so it's kind of like you just pick and choose. And support Donald Trump. That's what I do. There's a lot of love and excitement, and everybody's happy. So that's how it's always been for me. Just you family? No, just everybody. Everybody has a good time, and everybody's excited and happy, and they're energetic. So that's usually always been my experience. Yeah, I travel by myself. But I always have a good experience. It's really crazy over here. A little bit, like some of the people on stuff. Different than other areas? Yeah, definitely a little bit different. What makes it different? Just some crazy people that go by, and then these people over here. But, you know. I'm from Westchester. Westchester. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A little closer than other people. Close enough? Yeah. So what's your experience so far, and why you guys are here? Well, I've been... You've been standing in line a lot. Yeah, I'm only 18, so this will be... Well, I registered last October, but... First election? It'll be my third election. I'm a first presidential election. I've been kind of intrigued in politics since I was young. My brothers are older, so they kind of keep me informed. How's it going to act, is that family influence? Yeah, family influence. My mom's like an extreme liberal, but it's okay, because I put my Trump signs out for running the yard. But as a young person, I don't like the way that things are going, and I just honestly quite concerned. I don't know if I'll have a future. I really don't, and people always joke about people who say that, but as a young person who's just a normal guy, just grew up, I've lived an okay life so far, so where I want to go and have an American dream and start a business, have a family my own one day, I don't know if that would be possible if we don't get back on track. I was exactly, I was excited to say the same thing. I was exactly thinking the same thing. So have you guys been to other values? No, first one. This is my first one, I'm very excited. When Trump came to Westchester, he went to Westchester University in 2016, or I guess like 2015, I was younger then, so I didn't go. My brother went and I was going to go, and I couldn't, but I'm very excited to be here. I'm excited to see if David Bremmer will be here. I think he is, because I saw his boss. Oh, dude, he's back. Yeah, maybe Eli will pull up. I don't think he will. Yeah. What are you guys thinking about it? It's cool, it's my first time here, I've never seen it before. I'm a little city. Trump for 2024. Berks Weekly. Fuck by his local, or? Jersey, New Jersey, New Jersey, New Jersey, New Jersey, New Jersey, New Jersey, New Jersey, New York. Alright. Bunch of liberals. First, because we're a local, he's out. What do you think of Reading? I like Reading, my mom used to live in PA, so I like PA, it's a good state. First time for us, we've been here. I just hope that y'all, this is a big swing state, y'all need to think about everything that's going on first. Think about what we had when Trump was here, and compare it to when Biden is here. Gas was cheap, food was cheap, everything was cheap, so we need to get everything back to what the count was. Let's get this money together, and let's get the economy back to what it was. We need God in this country, we need God in this country, this country has lost God. God first Trump after. Remember that, go and vote. This our first rally. First time. First one. First one. Her too, her too. We need God. Bring back God to America. Bring back God. That's what we need. And most importantly, vote for Trump. Leave the liberality alone. We're from Harley's World Pennsylvania. Okay, have we been running before? Yeah. What do you think of running? Um, it's definitely different than the formalist. Different than the formalist. Yeah. Yeah, I'm not used to the city. Yeah. It's not so bad. Yeah. Do you guys go to rallies a lot or first time? First time. First time. Okay, why come after this one? Just because how close it is? It's just convenient, yeah. Yeah. Okay. I enjoy it. I feel like I'm home and I am happy and proud to be an American. You live in the city? Yes, I do. Okay. So I am from Reading. Yeah. I feel safe. I feel safe. By the way, in Reading. So it's, I am happy with the outcome. Mm-hmm. I don't run away by people but what can we do? We don't want to speak so are we happy? There you go. There's nothing we can do. That's what it's all about. It's hack, Liso. It's peaceful with everybody doing their own. I'm happy. Latinos for Trump. Yeah, the mayor said that he's not issuing any permits for us to sell anything. Oh, really? Yeah. So that's why you guys are out here or is that permit for in there or just generally the city? Yeah, the city wants us to have a permit for out here but we went to go get permits and they denied us the permits and told us they're not issuing any but they asked us to have and if we're not allowed to be here unless we have them but they don't want to issue them to us. So what, sorry, I guess you're just going to sell money with them? Is that how? Well, we're just going to write it out. We got the papers and we're waiting to pay our permits so we want to do the right thing but the cops basically told us they weren't going to press the issue with us but if the code board or I guess whoever would. Code enforcement. Code enforcement comes around, they can write a citation but we haven't seen them yet. So the cops, cops are usually on our side considering that Trump affects the blues. Do you guys usually go to other ones and there's something we do? Yeah, I just came from Butler also. We don't have these, I mean we don't really have these problems when we go out, you know? So you didn't know you had that problem here? You didn't know you had that problem here? No, and I'm a resident here. Oh, okay. I've been a resident here since 2007. You're a leader of the city? Yeah. Oh, alright. I live right on 4th Street, yeah. I know the mayor and he supported me through events. I know he's a Democrat but I still supported him. Yeah, he helped me through events. I just saw him over there. Tell me about your dad. So it's like, man, it's crazy, brother. Wow. So you guys, I guess you're not set up yet fully or? No, just like halfway broken. Just ready to leave I guess or whatever's going to happen. Yeah. So I guess everybody's in the state, both of you guys. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I didn't know that. Yeah. Huh? Yeah, they don't, I guess, you know, they don't want us promoting and they're a Democratic party so I get it but they should have like a responsible democracy where we're supporting our old president and you're supporting yours and nobody's making vandalism. We're encouraging people. We're not out here screaming F Camallo doing anything of the sort. Yeah. And that's what gets me that we're not out here doing that stuff and they still deny us. Well, it sounds like you're trying to do the right thing. Yeah. You're not getting the permit too. Absolutely. Just doing whatever. Absolutely. So, and then I'm working to be here so. Absolutely. Oh man, sorry to hear that guys. Yeah, man. It kind of sucks. Well, it's to be out there, people, and see it too. Yeah, right. Thank you, man. Yeah, thank you. So far, a lot of traffic congestion right now. I suspect it's going to get worse, obviously, but so far everybody's well behaved. Everything's cordoned off. People separated. There's no clashes, but everything's going well right now and we have plenty of staff to handle whatever situation we have. We're working with the Secret Service. Obviously, Secret Service is the lead agency. We have the Sheriff's Department as well here. We have ourselves, Reading Police as well here. Mostly the traffic posts and dealing with everything on the outside. Secret Service is dealing with everything on the inside. So it's working very well. Please be patient. There's only so many police officers that can go around to help folks as far as that's concerned. Our main concern here is everybody's safety, officer safety as well. So that's what we're concerned about the most. We are here demonstrating our support for Kamala Harris, for 47th President of the United States. We will not allow Donald Trump to come to our town without us having a presence to show people that there is an alternative. There's the side of truth. There's the side of freedom. Kamala Harris will take you all. She's fighting for their freedom too. It's not just our freedom. She's fighting for those Trumpers' freedom too. We welcome everybody and we're here to show that support today. I don't like being gated. I don't need protection. We don't need Donald Trump's protection and we don't need to be protected by the gate. Supposedly it's to protect us from the train but I'm pretty sure it's to protect us from that. I don't need their protection.