 And we see George Solis joins us now from Reading, Pennsylvania. George, what are you learning? Yeah, Jose, well, for context here, last month the Trump campaign opened up a Latino-Americans for Trump office here in Reading, Pennsylvania. Now, Trump campaign officials tell us that's no coincidence, but they built this office as a campaign office for all. Meanwhile, the Harris campaign has 24 campaign offices throughout the Commonwealth. Latino voters here that I spoke with telling me, which means at a vote in the Senate, which means at a very important election and a very important vote, they know that in this battle for the state and the presidency, their vote can make a difference. In majority Latino, Reading, Pennsylvania, brothers and barbers, Samuel and David DeLa Cruz, say the talk of the town is politics. It's been exciting. It's been such an unexpected change. But do you care more about the election now? I do. I do. We first met the duo, both of Dominican descent, before former President Trump survived an assassination attempt and picked JD Vance as his running mate. And Harris rose to the top of the ticket. Both voters remain firmly undecided, but newly energized. She has direction, and I think it evens a playing field for the two candidates. Is she going to advance the country? Is it possible that she takes it maybe in reverse? We don't know yet. 18-year-old Jamel Garcia, a student at the Brothers Barbershop, says he'll vote for the first time. And how are you feeling about possibly voting for either one of these candidates? In my opinion, kind of nervous. According to O'Neill's U.S., one out of every five Hispanics will vote in their first presidential election this year. Reading sits in Pennsylvania's so-called Latino Belt. Cities and small towns, once Democratic strongholds nestled in northeastern Pennsylvania. In this region, Latino communities make up 9 percent of the state's overall population. Does it feel like both campaigns are trying to earn your vote? Definitely. Biden won Pennsylvania by around 80,000 votes in 2020. That year, more than 610,000 Latinos were eligible to vote in the state. And while Mr. Biden won Reading by about 46 points in 2020, the city shifted 15 points to the right since 2016. Limited recent polling shows Harris performing better than Biden versus Trump among Latino voters. In 2020, who did you vote for and why? Biden? Paralegal, Milvius Theresa, explained last month when we visited. She's switching to Trump in 2024, frustrated by the rising cost of living and running a business in Reading. Biden's endorsement of Harris only pushing her further away. She now volunteers at the recently opened Trump campaign office. It's just, I don't trust her. Why? Because her background, I don't trust her. Decisions is letting you. Tanya Melendez thinks putting Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro on the Democratic ticket this year would make a difference. Does she need Josh Shapiro to secure the White House? I think she does. People who are not very invested in the election will tend to follow somebody that they trust. Melendez moved from Puerto Rico with her family when she was 14. She'll vote Harris in November. The VPs visit here, leaving a lasting impact. The fact that she came down in the middle of the city to talk to people at the community college for me was the most positive thing. Reading restaurant owner Cesar Lopez also recalls Harris' trip, but hasn't been swayed yet. I think everybody is waiting for the next debate. Let's see what happened. With less than 100 days to the election, Reading's residents are paying attention and feel the weight of the decision ahead. Think about what you want for your country, what you want for the kids. I want them to be able to say, wow, things are different now than they were for mom and dad. And I'm so happy that we're in this country.