 Of course, the election is on November 5, and it appears that Donald Trump has turned the dial his way just weeks out from the US election. It may only be slight, but joining me live is Axios political reporter Steph Knight. Steph, is that the way that you're reading it at the moment, that the dial has turned slightly to Donald Trump? He has certainly made some ground in some of the key battleground states that he would have to win in November to win the electoral college, specifically in Michigan and Wisconsin. But I would note that we continue to see every single poll that comes out, both the national polls and also these battleground state polls, they are within the margin of error. It's really hard to overstate how close this election seems to be at this point. This has had only recently been slightly outperforming Trump in some of these polls. And also the shift from President Biden at the top of the ticket to Vice President Harris at the top of the ticket also means that there are slightly different states at play because of the different appeal that Harris may have compared to Biden. But there have certainly been some encouraging polls for Trump this week, but we do seem to see that change just about every day, every week. It changes pretty quickly. Yeah, in sporting terms, it is a real nail biter. Now Kamala Harris has been criticized about not doing as many interviews as she possibly could the last week. She's done quite a number. The jury's out on how they all went. Yeah, they have certainly been slow to approaching the press. You've yet to see a real press conference setting where Harris is willing to take a lot of questions from the media. They have chosen many more comfortable settings. She's gone on The View. She's gone on Women Focus podcast, but she did do her 60-minute interview as well. There has been some mixed reviews. One question that I know I've been hearing a lot of concerns over is when she was asked, how would she be different from a Biden administration? She was asked that on The View. She didn't really have a good answer. She said she couldn't really think of anything in particular. Then she was asked again with Stephen Colbert, how would she be different from Biden? Again, she kind of just pushed off the question. There is a significant number of voters in the country, in the U.S. right now, who want to hear how she would be different from President Biden. That's really what's at stake right now. She is still trying to define herself as a candidate. She has been trying to leave behind some of the more progressive policies she has endorsed in her past and make an appeal to independent voters, particularly the video we just watched. She's very clearly trying to win over moderate voters, trying to move away from her progressive past, but it's still unclear exactly how she views her potential presidency as different from Biden's presidency. A continual problem for Donald Trump has been his inability to attack properly the vice president. He still doesn't seem to have got that right at this point. Amidst all of that, he doesn't want another debate. He does not. I mean, this is probably because of the way the first debate went between Harris and Trump. It was very clear that Harris won that. It was probably one of her strongest moments since she became the presidential nominee. Of course, Trump doesn't want to risk another bad performance in a debate as we get closer and closer to that November 5th Election Day. We'll see whether he ends up caving and deciding he wants to kind of go at it again and maybe reclaim some of his debating skills there and try again and convince American people that he's the person they should be voting for. But it has been very tricky for the former president to find clear ways of attacking Harris. He has tended to devolve into more personal attacks that have not gone over well, even within his own party. I know I've spoken to Republican members of Congress who have been concerned with Trump's tendency to get into the personal realm, to talk about Kamala Harris's race or ethnicity rather than focusing on the policy issues, which is where Republicans feel like they have a real argument to make to the American people. It's the kind of conversation we could go on for hours and hours about. It really is because it is, as you mentioned, so close this election. Just finally, we did see Joe Biden talk to Benjamin Netanyahu at length on the phone. This will play a part in the US election as well, of course, the drama in the Middle East. Yeah, we got a sense that both Biden and Bibi maybe got a little bit closer to agreement on the steps Israel is expected to take in retaliation toward Iran. This has, of course, been one of the biggest crises of Biden's presidency. He really has viewed solving that the war in Gaza or finding a ceasefire to be a key moment that he wants to get done before he leaves office. But it just still seems so far off that we're going to see any solution there. This continues to escalate despite the fact that President Biden wanted to avoid this turning into a regional conflict. But it seems that we're heading that direction day after day. Yeah, absolutely. All right, Steph, thank you so much. We'll do it again. Thank you.