 Well, ladies and gentlemen, it is another Saturday in October during an election year. It is another huge update here. I'm just going to be going through the full polling data that we've received and every single poll is in terms of the swing States basically within a point. If you look at the overall aggregate average, we saw the states in which Trump was leading by over a point get tighter and we saw the states in which Kamala was leading by a point get tighter. It's very interesting. I think this is very good news for Trump. We've got a lot of other data we can interpret it rather than just look at these numbers. Look back at 2016 2020. Look at the sample. Obviously the polls they're not all equal. Some are better than others. We don't really know which ones are going to be the most accurate. We can just look at the historical data and also the overall trends and the enthusiasm with what's going on now along with the approval rating of each candidate. These polls though, they are extremely, extremely close. So you do have the national popular vote average right now. That's we're going to look at. You do have Kamala Harris sitting plus 1.8. You've got some recent polls. Very very close. Plus two for Harris plus two for Trump plus one for Harris at this point in 2020. Pretty remarkable. Joe Biden was sitting plus 10.2 in a national popular vote. That's a nine point difference. Obviously 2020 was a different time comparing that. You might say, well, the polls have adjusted, but still it is pretty remarkable how Biden was plus 10.2 this time in 2020. He ended up winning by around four. So that was a six point polling error. I obviously don't expect that when it comes to the 2024 polls, because that would mean a Trump popular victory by around five points. But I will say, I do think there will be a slight polling error in Trump's favor when it comes to the popular vote. Trump might only lose the popular vote by around one. Maybe 1.1 is what I have it at. I know some people think Trump could win the popular vote and he could because of the improvements he's shown in a New York, in a New Jersey, in an Illinois, extending his lead in Florida, extending his lead in Ohio. That's going to help the popular vote number and also maybe even taking a state like Virginia, making Minnesota closer, things like that. But this, if you, if you're Trump, you will take this 100%. You look back at 2016, Hillary was up by six. She only won by two. That was a four point error. This date in 2016, this date in 2020, it was an even bigger six point error. Now you're down by 1.8. If the election finished and there was zero error on the popular vote to where Trump lost it by 1.8, that would very likely be an electoral college victory for Trump. Although the votes are going to be, it's going to be a little bit different cause Trump's going to make up significant ground in New York, New Jersey, states like that. It's not going to be the crazy, you know, like we saw in 2020 where Trump lost the popular vote by four points. That was because liberals ran up huge numbers in California, New York, New Jersey. That's not necessarily going to happen. It'll still happen to a lesser degree. Like California, Trump lost it by 27 points. He might only lose it this cycle by 21, 22. You're making up voters, you know, in terms of the popular vote, but you're not gaining any electoral votes. So it's going to be a little bit different. There is a potential chance where Kamala could win the popular vote by two and still win the election. Obviously in 2020, that environment, it was not going to happen just because of the margins that, that, that we saw. But I'm just saying if we did see something like where it was a 1.8 point victory for Kamala, I would feel very comfortable that that would be an electoral college victory for Trump. The margins would be very close. But when it comes to the popular vote, you look at the betting right now, it's about a 75 to seven, maybe a 70% chance Harris wins the popular vote. It's gone down about 5 percentage points. Like most of Harris's betting numbers have recently, that's the big story. The betting is trending heavily in Trump's direction. The polls are getting very, very close, but the betting is what Trump is, is doing really well. Arizona will just go state by state. And you can see there was that new New York Times, Siena poll that some weird data off of that, especially off of the Pennsylvania poll, it does help Trump in the average in Arizona. He's sitting plus one in Arizona. I do like where Trump is at this point. He was up around two points. It's kind of gotten closer. There's been some closer polls, I guess, just in terms of Trump plus one, Trump plus two, Harris plus two, the wall street journal. But I think Trump is looking very, very good in Arizona and he's pulling a lot better than he was in 2020 than he was in 2016. And to me, Arizona is a more Republican state. Anyways, I do think Donald Trump will win Arizona and the New York Times poll. Again, it's disappointing because they released Pennsylvania as well and they had Harris up for and the sample was pretty ridiculous. But you know, for Arizona, it is a good poll there. Taking a look at Nevada. This is another state where Trump getting that wall street journal poll really helps him out. It's basically a tie in terms of the overall average. Pretty interesting. This date in 2020, Biden was sitting plus six. Everyone always says how Nevada Republicans get overestimated will not in 2020, at least not on October 12th in 2020. I do think that Trump could win this state. Nevada is the least important swing state out of the seven because it only has six electoral votes. But I do think Trump is probably going to win the state by around point four to point five. The margin is going to be razor razor thin. I'm projecting when it comes to that either way. Even if Trump loses it, you're talking about 306 electoral votes versus 312. If he's able to sweep all the other swing states, it's not that big of a deal. If he does lose this one, there was more positive pulling for Kamala. There's no doubt about it. She was up by around a point for about half a month. She was leading most of the polls. But you get that Trump plus six liberals could say, well, that's an outlier. But in general, it's not like Harris was up by five anyways. Plus one plus one plus one plus one. I mean, it's a very, very close state. That's really all I can say about that. Wisconsin Harris sitting not even up half a point. The last three polls have all been ties pretty crazy in Wisconsin. This is a state you look at the bedding. The bedding is trending in Trump's direction. Wisconsin I think it's going to go to Trump possibly by an even bigger margin than Pennsylvania. Certainly by a bigger margin than Michigan. We did get a Quinnipiac poll that had Trump plus two in 2020. This would have been unheard of. You look at the polling errors we've seen with Biden plus six in October in 2020. That's a significant polling error. He ended up only winning by point three. That's a six point polling error in 2016. We saw an over six point polling error because Trump won Wisconsin in 2016. He lost it in 2020. You're looking at very, very close polling based off of how Wisconsin has been in terms of their inaccuracy polling. Trump supporters. I think this is going to be a very good election victory for Trump in Wisconsin. Harris sitting plus point three. You're talking about polling errors of six points in both 2020 and 2016. You don't need a six point polling error. You just need a two point poll. You need like a half a point point error, honestly. But if you want to win relatively comfortably, you get a two point polling error. You win this state by around one point seven. It seems like it's checking out really well for Trump there. When you look at the data, you move on to Michigan, Trump sitting plus point nine. Pretty crazy because this was the state and I'll show you guys. I mean, look at this. Harris was up when they started to really ramp her up and you had the DNC and everything like that. This was the Rust Belt state that they were like, Libbers were like, we're up by two and a half. We're going to win this state. You're getting Jill Stein possibly helping Trump out Jill Stein winning the Muslim vote. And remember, back in 2016, Jill Stein got one percent of the vote. Trump ended up winning the state by point three percent. Very narrow. Every little bit helps. Jill Stein can help Donald Trump in this state. Insider advantage. They were great in 2020. They've got Trump plus two. They were barely off with their polls. Emerson's got it as a tie. Quinnipiac has Trump plus four. Wall Street Journal with Harris plus two. But a lot of these polls recently with a Trump lead. Pretty remarkable Trump taking the lead in Michigan based off of even the polling average. And this is another state that has underestimated Trump in the past. You had Biden plus seven. You had Hillary almost plus 10. Trump won Michigan in 2016. So that's a 10 point polling error this state in 2016 relative to what actually happened in terms of the final result. Pretty crazy there. Again, another state where it seems like the data would check out based off of the previous Trump elections to where Trump is sitting in a very, very good spot in Michigan because you could say he's up by a point. But also you have to factor in the errors that we've seen in 2020 and 2016. So it's an even better spot to where he might be up by around two or three. I'm not saying we're going to get a same error where it's going to be a crazy seven or eight point error. Trump's not going to win the state by seven or eight, but he might get some more breathing room if he's up or even if he's down by one. It's still good news for Trump in Michigan. Moving on to Pennsylvania. Wow. Even with that New York Times or do they not input it? Oh, I guess it was only a Harris plus three poll maybe because it was maybe they had the leaners. But Trump sitting plus point one, basically 50 50. I mean, you do have Trump leading three out of the last four polls. There was a Quinnipiac plus two. But even these I mean, most of these most of these polls Trump is leading that Bloomberg poll is it still in the average Harris plus five. Oh, great. Bloomberg is going to give another update. But if they do, it's probably going to only be a Harris plus two or plus three. I'm guessing you take a look at this state in 2020. Trump overperformed Pennsylvania very easily. Plus seven for Biden. He ended up only winning it by one. He won Pennsylvania. Hillary was sitting plus nine. The polling errors that we've seen in Pennsylvania and Trump with basically a tie situation suggests a very, very, very probable Trump victory in Pennsylvania at this point. Another state that looks very, very good for Trump. Moving on to North Carolina. You do have Trump sitting plus point five. Again, a lot of the all of these states are very, very close. But he is leading all these polls. You've got a tie from Wall Street Journal. You've got insider advantage. Trump plus one plus one plus two plus one plus one plus two. So he's leading all these polls. It is very, very close. You still have that Atlas Intel poll in the aggregate. Once that gets knocked off, Trump's probably going to go up to around a one point lead in terms of the average. We'll see if I think Atlas is probably going to be coming out with another poll in 2020. Biden was sitting plus two point seven. Trump won the state in 2020 by one point three. So we outperformed that by around four points. So another state that checks out beautifully for Trump. Plus point five. And you're talking about a favorable polling error in 2020 and also 2016 because he also won the state in 2016 by around three points. The poll has had Hillary had Hillary up by around two and a half points. So another state that checks out there. Moving on to Georgia. You are looking at Trump, another one very, very close sitting plus half a point. The polls were very, very accurate in Georgia this time of year. And as you can see, Biden was sitting plus point four on this state. Now this is just, you know, it's just hypothetical. It doesn't necessarily mean like, oh, they're going to be very accurate on October 12, 2024 because they were very accurate on October 12, 2020. But it is interesting. Biden, his average was plus point four and he won by plus point three. So now Trump's sitting plus point five. I do think Trump is probably you can see Trump was up one point five there. I don't know. Was it that Fox News poll that really changed it? Or maybe there was a poll that got taken out of the aggregate. Yeah, some of these polls that had Trump up by four and three got taken out, I guess. But in general, I would say this is another one. I think Georgia is going to be pretty close, but it looks good for Trump. And in Trump, really, you look at the betting, Georgia is looking really good for Trump. North Carolina is looking really good for Trump. Arizona is looking really good for Trump. That's the three that are looking really good. Over 60 percent chance. When you talk about Nevada, it's basically 50 50. You talk about Wisconsin, it's basically 50 50. Michigan, you could even argue. I know Trump recently went ahead. It's basically 50 50. But Trump may be 51. Pennsylvania Trump like a 55 percent chance. Trump is looking good in all of these states right now. The polling is checking out. If we went into election night like this, we're looking amazing for our Trump victory. Amazing. So listen, if they stay relatively the same bunched up like this, it's going to be very, very good for Trump. But either way, guys, it is going to do it for this video. Make sure you follow me on X. Link to that always in the description.