 Mark, I've been excited to talk to you about this. I want to know what you think of her performance last night. Well, you know, I looked at a lot of news in the battleground states today, and it's barely mentioned. So what I really think is it's probably a non-event. You know, we can all analyze it. You can listen to people say it was a triumph. You can listen to people say it was a car crash. I think in the end, it's a non-event because what matters is an impact on the voters and what they hear about it. And I don't see much, again, in the seven states that matter. In terms of the interview itself, I think the highlight for her was being feisty and separating herself a little bit from Joe Biden, saying, I think, under-covered so far that her administration would not be a continuation of his. That's a pretty big break, at least symbolically. I think her evasiveness, her failure to address the tough questions that were asked on issues like immigration, and her saying, I'll follow the law on several issues rather than saying what her actual position was. I thought, if you're a voter who thinks she's vague, she's not offering explanations, and she's just attacking Donald Trump, I think that made it a weak interview. Yeah, in the last few weeks, we've had several Democratic strategists and several Democrats who were hoping to vote for Kamala Harris, but every time we talk to them, they say they just need to know more. They need to hear more from her about what she truly believes in, what her policies are. And I don't feel like we got a lot of that. Instead, it seemed like most of the time, she was just flipping the script and wanting to talk about Donald Trump. This was the very first question asked to her by Brett Baer last night. He said, so how many illegal immigrants do you estimate have been released into the country in the last three and a half years? So he's asking a direct question. I think he wanted a direct response. Here is the response that she gave. Take a listen. Brett, let's just get to the point. Okay, the point is that we have a broken immigration system that needs to be repaired. So your Homeland Security Secretary said that 85% of apprehensions. I'm not finished, exactly. 21. It was essentially a halfway to citizenship. May I finish responding, please? You have to let me finish, please. You had the White House and the House and the Senate, and they didn't bring up that bill. I'm responding to the point you're raising. And I'd like to finish. Yes, ma'am. We, on day one, that to the point of this being your first question. It is a priority. Mark, again, he just asked for a number. He asked a direct question. He only had 20 minutes. Now, we were told that she showed up 15 minutes late to the interview. It was supposed to be 30 to 45 minutes, and then her team got there and said, no, it's only gonna be 20 minutes. They were under that time crunch, because as we know, Brett goes on live at six o'clock at night. What did you make of that? It seemed like just a lot of talk, not a lot of real answers. Well, a lot of her interviews, even the softball ones, she seemed to just be trying to get through them and to run out the clock. Yeah. And give long answers. I think Brett has been criticized since some quarters for being aggressive and interrupting her. She is the Vice President. She's owed some deference. On the other hand, if you've given a short interview and you sense that your interview subject is filibustering and not answering, as you said the question there elsewhere, he made the choice to be pretty aggressive about interrupting. But that didn't necessarily lead to answers. Of all the questions that Brett followed up on, the one you showed, several others of trans, gender surgery, et cetera, she never did answer. So for all of this interrupting and of all of her attempts to pin her down, stuff she didn't wanna be pinned down on, she was not. One exception was saying how she'd be different than President Biden. Again, not in the specific policy realm, but a pretty big rhetorical break. Beyond that, she said what she wanted to say in a way that was consistent with what she said in the past or not said in the past. This is the third or fourth attempt to pin her down on taking accountability for what's happened at the border on her watch. She would not be pinned down. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.