 You saw the polls over the weekend. Do you believe it's tied in Pennsylvania, Selena? I've been saying that since the kindergarten, during the middle of our convention, that there wasn't this great surge in enthusiasm. There was among Democrats who were unhappy about Biden, but there wasn't anything moving or changing. It was very much the same place where it was between Trump and Biden. She did not change this event, this election. So yesterday, Raphael Warnock, her surrogate on Meet the Press, gets asked about Kamala Harris' mandatory buyback of guns program from 2019. And he doesn't say, oh, no, she's not for that anymore. So I guess she is. How's that fly in Pennsylvania? We're going to make you give in your gun. Yeah, probably not. I mean, this is the challenge, right? People do these great big, you know, like, are the Labor Day event that happened in Pittsburgh. And it came across as though labor was behind her, right? And mass, right? All labor. That's not true. Labor leadership may be, but that event had people that were invite only from, you know, the labor unions, most of them, there are a lot of them who are labor leaders, there were some rank and file there. But rank and file labor laborers in Pennsylvania union members are almost always gun owners. And and not only does that have to do with hunting, but it also has to do with self protection. That does not fly with that voter at all. And and so no, that was the long answer to your question. No, gun, you know, big gun control in the in in the form that Warnock was talking about Harris' position is not popular at all among labor or a lot of Pennsylvania. So for new listeners, whether they're in Key West or any of my other news stations, Selena wrote a book eight years ago that called it called The Great Revolt. And she's the only one who called Trump winning in Pennsylvania. And Selena lives in Pittsburgh. And she's a dear friend. She is a Pittsburgh. So we we call it the end of the report. But you've got to listen now when she explains to you why, as Erie goes, so goes the country. Now I'm on in Wilkes-Barrin, Scranton, Bedford and Philly in Pittsburgh. But I'm really talking to talk Erie right now, which is 103.3, 105.5 and 1530 a.m. up there in Erie. Why does Erie matter so much? Explain it to the folks in Atlanta driving to work. So Erie is was the home forever in a day of the New Deal, the coalition of Democrats. It voted for a Democrat president for generations. And that all changed in 2016 when the coalition started to change, where you saw the Republican party start to embrace and bring on the blue collar voter who either was a Democrat or an independent or middle of the road Republican. And in 2016, Trump, I remember being up there in 2016 and coming home and writing and saying, he's going to win Erie. And people had thought that I'd lost my mind. No Republican ever won Erie. And but he did. He narrowly lost it in 2020 to Joe Biden. Biden was able to pick off those working class voters. But you go up to Erie right now and it feels and the reporting is very similar to what I was experiencing in 2016. And I think that as you go, I want to tell people, Celine and I grew up about the same age and we grew up about 50 miles apart. So I'm from Trumbull County, which is adjacent to Mahoney County, which always voted blue and flipped red in 2016 ain't going back. And I could drive seven miles and be in Erie, Pennsylvania, Erie County, Pennsylvania. So Selena, if you had to bet your house, who would you bet Pennsylvania goes to in November? The elections were held today. It's definitely true. But that without without a question in my mind, it has nothing to do with liking him or not liking him. It has everything to do with what I'm seeing on the ground. Yeah. And when you look around Pittsburgh, is the enthusiasm that allegedly Kamala Harris generated anywhere evident? No. But as I was driving from I now don't live in the city of Pittsburgh, I live in Westmoreland County every Sunday, Sunday dinner at my parents house, I drive through the city to get to my parents house. And even, you know, you expect to see it in the rural and suburban areas. You see the Trump enthusiasm, but even in the city of Pittsburgh, I'm seeing all of these Trump signs in places and neighborhoods they should not be. And that tells me something that coalition is expanding that I wrote about in the Great World as opposed to drinking.