 According to the latest Noble Predictive Insights poll, Donald Trump holds a three-point lead over Kamala Harris in Arizona, 47 to 44 percent. While that's the same size lead he had over Biden in May, things have changed. And helping us to sort through that is Mike Noble, the CEO and founder of Noble Predictive Insights, who joins us now on Arizona's Morning News. So what has changed? It's a three-point difference between the Democrat and Donald Trump, but stuff has changed. Oh, no, absolutely. The races change. And you're seeing not only in the national polling, but also here in Arizona, that there's been a, it's kind of a demographic shift. One is that the third party vote share was very much pushed down. We saw that Biden, some of these should have been Biden, Democratic supporters were kind of parking their vote with RFK Jr. or sitting on the sidelines. So it's kind of pushed those folks over to Harris. So you see it among 18 to 34 year olds, you see it among independents, and you also see it among Hispanic Latinos. So for example, back in May, Trump led independents by 10 points. Harris now has a five-point lead with that group. Biden was up by two points with Hispanic Latinos. Harris is up 12. And then 18 to 34 year olds, Trump had a two-point edge. Now it's Harris plus 11. Wow. Yeah, I mean, so definitely it's shifted around. So that third party vote shares really capped them, which also makes sense why RFK Jr. backed out of the race and endorsed him because he kind of got his support gutted with this switch up on the Democratic side. And frankly, it's made this race very competitive. So whether you look at our poll, which shows Trump with a slight edge in Arizona, all the polls have it either, you know, I didn't worry, upward to Harris plus five or Trump plus five. That all tells you the same thing. Arizona is incredibly close. And that's why we're one of the battleground states and probably one of the most important states of this election year. And a lot of people may think these numbers would have changed after the momentum gained by the DNC, right? But then we also had a Trump rally in Arizona. So it could basically just maintain right and RFK Jr. at that rally endorsing Trump. Correct. And when you look at this race right now, is that they're gonna they're gonna have to make a movie on this race because there's so many plot twists and twists and turns. I mean, I'm telling you, you can't make this up. And we still got, you know, 73 more odd days until election day. So it's gonna get weirder before it gets more normal. And so when we look at this race, it's just it's it's just incredibly close. And that's where, you know, I don't really care who people vote for. The thing is that it's really gonna matter everyone's vote. Because remember, Biden only beat Trump in Arizona by just 11,000 votes. So I mean, it, it's really going to come down to the wire. But we're going to see these candidates out here several more times before election day. I realize that this this poll was taken before the DNC and, you know, RFK Jr. dropping out all these other things. But normally, in an election year, a presidential election year, you see the candidate who just finished their convention, get a bump in their numbers. But Kamala Harris had a bump going into her convention. So is that gonna negate the post campaign bump? Well, yeah, I mean, it's the to be seen right now because right, because basically right now in politics, I mean, these a lot of these historical norms we have had for a while, a lot of that you can kind of be thrown out in the last four years, a lot of those are being invalidated. Some of them are remaining true. But it's kind of a new game in politics. And so Harris had kind of had this momentum leading into this kind of this honeymoon phase, irregardless. But I think the rubber is going to hit the road and the race is going to look a lot more realistic, I think come mid September, right in there once this race kind of settles down. And these campaigns hunker in because that's the other thing the polling showed is that, you know, with on the issues, Trump is doing better on some of the key issues that Arizona voters care most about, such as his pocketbook issues and immigration. However, Harris does better on issues such as like abortion, or issues of, you know, integrity or character. We were talking to Mike Noble, CEO and founder of Noble Predictive Insights. And we are almost out of time, Mike. So I'm going to have to ask you for a really quick answer on this one. But the Democrats in Arizona have spent about 14 million more than Republicans from Super Tuesday until this date. Would you have expected that extra money to have helped them even more in the polling? Well, it's going to help them with their awareness, it would also help them more in the polling. Because again, whether you look at our polls or others, you know, we could run the same poll and show Harris maybe even or plus one. And so basically, right now is that their Democrats are being very competitive in Arizona, but they know it's one of the tougher states of the six battleground states. They also have a lot more money left over than Trump and his side. So they kind of have excess cash, where Trump is really pouring his money into Pennsylvania right now, whichever the battleground states is worth the most electoral votes. So again, you see Democrats are making a hard push in Arizona, which is funny, if you look at, you know, prior to the Trump era, I mean, Democrats to be lucky if they spent a dime in Arizona. All right, that is Mike Noble, CEO and founder of Noble Predictive Insights.