 Tonight, former President Trump taking questions from Pennsylvania voters at a town hall. We're going to bring them over directly. After taking over the fry cooker at a McDonald's in the suburbs outside Philadelphia, looking to push his unsupported claims, the Vice President Harris lied about working at the fast food chain when she was in college. She talked about the heat. It was so tough. She never worked at McDonald's. His attacks against Harris increasingly dark and profane, saying this at another Pennsylvania campaign event on Saturday night. We can't stand you, you rash. Vice President. The worst. You're the worst Vice President. Kamala, you're fired. Harris responding to those comments tonight on MSNBC. What you see in my opponent, a former President of the United States, really is, it demeans the office. Trump also making headlines for kicking off that rally in the town of La Trobe with the 12 minute monologue about hometown hero golfer, Arnold Palmer, which took a bizarre turn when Trump described the late Palmer's anatomy. When he took showers with the other pros, they came out of there. They said, oh my God, that's unbelievable. With 16 days to go, tech mogul Elon Musk making a surprise pledge while stumping for Trump in the Keystone state, launching a million dollar giveaway for voters who signed his petition in favor of free speech and the right to bear arms. We're going to be awarding a million dollars to randomly to people who have signed the petition every day from now until the election. Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro chiming in this morning on Meet the Press. You are a former Attorney General. Is this legal? I think there are real questions with how he is spending money in this race, how the dark money is flowing, not just into Pennsylvania, but apparently now into the pockets of Pennsylvanians. Dasha is joining us now and Dasha, Mr. Trump is next heading to a battleground where he's playing defense. Yeah, Halle, he'll head to North Carolina tomorrow, a state that Democrats haven't won since 2008, but now is very much in clay. He'll have three campaign stops starting in Asheville, where he'll tour the damage and devastation caused by Hurricane Helene. Dasha Burns, thank you. Vice President Harris was joined this weekend by some of the biggest pop stars out there in a push to try to turn out the early vote. And in the week ahead, she'll be joined by some of the biggest stars in the Democratic Party. Ali Rafa is traveling with the vice president tonight. Ali, good evening. Ali, good evening. Vice President Harris spent her 60th birthday visiting Atlanta churches, encouraging congregants to vote as she leans on stars like Stevie Wonder, Lizzo and Usher to energize more voters in key swing states. Former President Obama among those lending a helping hand, deploying to Michigan and Wisconsin this week before campaigning with Harris for the first time on Thursday here in Georgia. The VP preparing to barnstorm blue wall states with Republican Liz Cheney on Monday to target another key group, anti-Trump Republicans. Ali. Thanks for watching. Stay updated about breaking news and top stories on the NBC News app or follow us on social media.