 This is Donald Trump who will be holding a rally in a bottler in Pennsylvania. Now it is Donald Trump who will be returning to the site of his assassination attempt to remember the first assassination bid, which took place on the former president of the United States. Donald Trump was at a rally in Pennsylvania. Well, he will also have his friend and supporter Elon Musk right there with him. Elon Musk has taken to social media site XR to go on to say that he'll be there to support Donald Trump while it's Donald Trump who survived that assassination attempt, which took place almost three months ago in that very same area of Pennsylvania. Now, let's just get my colleague Vishal in. Vishal Elon Musk had said that he would attend this rally in order to support Donald Trump. But it is the setting of the first assassination attempt which took place on the former president. That is correct. So Trump has been getting a lot of support from Elon Musk, the one of the richest people in the world. And he has formally endorsed Trump back in July this year. But, you know, recent reports suggest that he has been secretly funding many conservative groups in the US for the last two years. So it was a long time coming that he would be extending his support fully to the Republican candidate. And that's what he has done. And he has been repeatedly taking to his own social media X and extending his support through various means. He has been posting many videos that have been questioned as to what kind of authenticity do they have. And many of his content that go on X, his own social media platform have been questioned. They're all in line to support Donald Trump. But as I mentioned, several questions raised on the message that he has adopted to extend his support. And this will be interesting to see when he actually goes there. And if he actually goes there, what kind of appearance he makes, does he get on stage with Donald Trump? All of that needs to be seen. We all know that about two, three months ago, there was an attempt on Donald Trump's life. And a bullet has just, you know, grazed past his right ear. And he was he was saved by just one or two inches. So that was pretty intense. And this time is there were reports that he will be going back to Butler, Pennsylvania. But now Trump has himself confirmed that he will be going there indeed. And it will be a big rally in Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania, in particular holds a lot of significance as far as the US election is concerned, because in the last 30 years, whoever has won Pennsylvania has gone on to become the president. So this place holds a lot of significance as far as the US election is concerned. So, of course, Trump and Musk, the team will go get back and they will be together to support this campaign and to extend the cause. Right. Of course, Vishal, what doesn't leave the mind is that picture of Donald Trump as he emerged after that shootout that took place, you know, with his fist up in the air saying fight, fight. And that is the image that he's put out on social media saying that he's coming back to Butler. That is correct. So that is one of the most iconic images in the history of US presidential elections with his raised, raised feet and his bloodied face and him saying fight, fight, fight three times. And he did not seem, you know, he seemed unperturbed by the extraordinary set of events that are just unfolded in front of him. He was just saved by an inches. The US Secret Service had sprung into action to save him, to cover him. But he had, you know, sort of pushed them aside and raised his face to show that he is ready to take on Kamala Harris back then. It was Joe Biden. So the race has changed now. It is now Kamala Harris versus Donald Trump. And it seems to be a lot more tougher race than what it was before, because Trump had the age factor going on in his favor, because even though he's just three years younger than Biden, a lot of people had been criticizing Biden for his age and not Trump. But that still has now shifted in favor of Harris. And this campaign is also, you know, shifted slightly in favor of Harris, but still neck and neck race. It will be interesting to see in the next few weeks how the polls, you know, unfold.