 Donald Trump is in Flint, Michigan tonight where he just finished an event they called a town hall, basically just a hosted rally where he only took heavily curated questions. The person in charge of keeping him on message was his former press secretary, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, who's the governor of Arkansas. But I don't know. Despite Michigan going for Trump by just over 10,000 votes in 2016, the state has been arguably one of the most successful areas of Democratic resurgence in the MAGA era, governed now by a Democratic trifecta since the 2022 midterms. At the presidential level, it is still absolutely neck and neck with recent polls showing what is essentially a dead even race between Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris. Michigan's Governor Gretchen Whitmer has been a big part of the state's resurgent Democratic Party. Governor Whitmer is also the author of True Gretch, what I've learned about life leadership and everything in between, which is out where I read books now, and she joins me. Governor, it's great to have you on the program. Chris, good to be with you. I guess I'm just going to start with a general vibe check about the state of Michigan, how you feel the campaign is going in that state. You've got obviously the presidential election, but there's a crucial Senate seat. It's going to open Senate seat. Alyssa Slotkin running as the Democratic nominee there. How do you think things are going? Well I'm optimistic, but I'm sober, Chris. As I have said, I think the whole time I've been on the political scene in Michigan, elections are always close here. We cannot make any assumptions. We take no vote or no boater for granted, and that's why I'm really proud to be a Co-chair of the Harris campaign, because I know she's lived a life like most Michiganders have. She wasn't handed a huge inheritance. She worked her way through school. She's done the hard work. She's dedicated her life to public service, and I think that's why we're seeing energy and enthusiasm, but it's going to be a close race. I saw a question today that was asked about manufacturing in your state. Obviously Michigan, a very proud manufacturing history, auto workers, and World War II and things like that. The question was to former President Trump about what the biggest threat to manufacturing was. He answered nuclear weapons and then went on a tangent. I didn't quite get it. I mean I guess the idea is like nuclear weapons are a threat to everything, so sure, yeah, the greater includes the lesser. My question to you is about manufacturing your state right now. If you look at the data, there is more growth in manufacturing, investment in factory construction that we've seen in literally a generation. Is that tangible? Is it palpable in the state or are those numbers for the folks that live there? No, it's tangible. You can see it. You can see what has happened because of the Biden-Harris administration, the work they did on the CHIP Act and the IRA. We are seeing onshoring of supply chains that were so critical to our manufacturing base. We're doing a lot of it here in Michigan. We do it better than anyone else and we're out competing the world when it comes to CHIPs and clean energy, batteries, et cetera. This is all thanks to, by the way, the Biden-Harris administration which got it done. Donald Trump, I don't know why he's talking about nuclear weapons when it comes to manufacturing. Yes, maybe he's talking about defense sector. I can't figure it out, but at the end of the day, we know how to get things done. We are the heart of manufacturing in this country and it has a resurgence because of the Biden-Harris administration. Those are good paying jobs, Chris. Yeah, there has been a lot of real growth in union jobs in your state. I want to ask about something I talked about at the beginning of the show, the Secretary of State of Janet Griswold in Colorado. Obviously, your state of Michigan has dealt with both attempts to subvert the election, either through the bullying election officials. There was a plot specifically against you and your life. There's attempts to get fake electors, to intimidate Wayne County vote tabulation. What does it mean for your state, the ex-presence threatening prosecution and reprisals against his political enemies? How confident are you about the integrity of the system you have in Michigan? It's the same old line from the same old guy. He runs on grievance. He offers nothing to make Michiganders' lives better or Americans' lives better. Contrast that with Kamala Harris, who is focusing on putting more money back in Americans' pockets, making sure that every American has a path to prosperity. When you actually listen to the words that Donald Trump says, number one, don't make a whole lot of sense, and number two, are never focused on the American people, are never focused on making your life better. Kamala Harris, on the other hand, has dedicated her life to public service, wants to put more money in your pocket, bring down the cost of insulin, ensure we've got good-paying jobs and that more people can get into them because they've got the skills they need without a lifetime of debt that can come with it. So I feel good about that, but I do think that his rhetoric is dangerous. I've been calling for people to lower the temperature on rhetoric for years. He has stoked it, has made a very dangerous situation. It's not okay to only call it out when it turns on you. We've got to all stand against this ugliness that has become a regular part of political campaigns where people threaten their political opponents and can threaten their lives at the same time, and it's unacceptable. You became governor. You were elected in 2018. You took over in 2019. You had to, as a new governor, deal with COVID, both the public health aspects of that, the politics of it, the economic aspects of it, and then the aftermath of it. What have you learned about this trajectory, and are you optimistic that we of the country have learned something as we've gone through these last, say, five years? I am optimistic. Chris, I wrote the book, True Gretsch, because people ask me that question. How do you stay optimistic? Why do you want to keep doing this with 28 recall attempts and historic flooding and a pandemic and attempt to kidnap and to kill you? Why do you want to keep doing this work? There are good things that I've learned in my life that keep me focused and centered. I am optimistic. I'm sober, though. We've got a lot of work to do. There is no question that this is going to be a close election with high stakes, whether it's our individual ability to make our own decisions about our bodies or our ability to ensure that our kids have got a climate that will sustain their lives and livelihoods for generations to come. I'm optimistic, but I'm sober, and that's why I'm doing the work. Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer, thank you so much for making some time for us tonight. Thank you.