 We begin with the race for the White House where former President Barack Obama hit the campaign trail for Kamala Harris in the key battleground state of Pennsylvania on Thursday. Addressing the buzzing crowds in Pittsburgh, Barack Obama delivered some of his most personal and furious criticisms of Donald Trump. Speaking to a large audience of men and men of color, President Obama urged them to do the right thing and vote for Kamala Harris. I'm sorry gentlemen, I've noticed this especially with some men who seem to think Trump's behavior, the bullying and the putting people down is a sign of strength. And I am here to tell you, that is not what real strength is. Taking shots at the Republican presidential nominee, the former president called Donald Trump a whiny old billionaire who is obsessed with himself. There is absolutely no evidence that this man thinks about anybody but himself. I've said it before, Donald Trump is a 78 year old billionaire who has not stopped whining about his problems since he rode down his golden escalator nine years ago. You've got the tweets in all caps, the ranting and the raving about crazy conspiracy theories. The two hour speeches, word salad, just, you know, it's like Fidel Castro, just on and on. Now President Barack Obama did agree that the 2024 election is much closer than anticipated. However, he did add that Kamala Harris was in fact ready to be the next commander in chief and would do a fantastic job as president. The 44th president known for his calm and cool demeanor expressed a burst of emotions rarely seen as he accused Donald Trump of threatening America's democracy. Pennsylvania, we do not need four more years of that. We don't need four more years of arrogance and bumbling and bluster and division. America's ready to turn the page. We are ready for a better story. One that helps us work together instead of turning against each other. Pennsylvania, we're ready for President Kamala Harris. Real strength is about working hard and carrying a heavy load without complaining. Real strength is about taking responsibility for your actions and telling the truth even when it's inconvenient. Real strength is about helping people who need it and standing up for those who can't always stand up for themselves. That is what we should want for our daughters and for our sons and that is what I want to see in a president of the United States of America. Meanwhile, Donald Trump and Kamala Harris campaigned in battleground states with the Republican in Michigan as the Democrat visited Arizona. With just 25 days left until election day, a Reuters Ipsos poll shows Kamala Harris leading Donald Trump in the suburbs for the first time. A significant development as suburbanites make up about half of the electorate. President Obama's appearance on the campaign trail showing support for Kamala Harris comes at a crucial time. The race is still too close to call and the Harris campaign is deploying its big guns to help seal the deal. Former President Bill Clinton is also expected to hit the campaign trail for Harris as both sides make their closing arguments to the voters. And its global implications.