 Vice President Kamala Harris tells union workers in Pittsburgh she'll oppose the sale of U.S. Steel. And some Pennsylvania researchers are looking for ways to curb distracted driving. Welcome to The Morning Agenda, WITF's daily news podcast where the only agenda is you. A good morning to you. It is Tuesday, September 3rd. Hope you had a great Labor Day holiday weekend. This is being recorded at 5.26 a.m. I'm your host, Tim Lambert, as we take this daily trip around the region's top stories together. President Joe Biden is no stranger to Pittsburgh's Labor Day activities, but Tom Reiss with our partner WESA in Pittsburgh reports this year he was campaigning for Vice President Kamala Harris. Biden reminded a packed union hall that he launched his own 2020 presidential campaign in Pittsburgh five years ago. This year he made Pittsburgh the site of his first joint campaign appearance with Harris. A bid to ensure his allies and organized labor will bolster Harris' run for president. First decision I made was selecting her as my vice president. By the way, it was the single best decision I made as president of the United States of America. Now, in a 20-minute speech, Biden said he was proud to protect over one million union pensions under the Butch Lewis Act and praised Harris as an ally in those efforts. But he also criticized her Republican opponent this fall, arguing that former President Donald Trump would be more likely to cross a picket line than to join one. Meantime Harris used the joint campaign appearance to say U.S. Steel should remain domestically owned. U.S. Steel should remain American owned and American operated. And I will always have the fact of America's steel workers. Harris' remarks concur with the White House's months-long opposition to the company's planned sale to Nippon Steel of Japan. Now, it might feel like the presidential election is still a long way off, but it's not. Election Day on November 5 is only about two months away, and major dates, events and political developments will make it fly by. The first mail ballots will start going out to voters on Friday in many states. The first presidential debate is set for a week from today. Former President Donald Trump, the Republican nominee, is scheduled to be sentenced in his New York hush money case on the 18th. Moving away from politics now, let's look at distracted driving, which is one of the leading causes of accidents and deaths nationally. Phone use and texting are among the biggest culprits. Nicole Leonard is with our friends at WHYY in Philadelphia, and she reports researchers and physicians at the University of Pennsylvania wanted to find a way to reduce distracted driving by getting people to change their risky behaviors while behind the wheel. Pen emergency physician Dr. Kit Delgado says we already know a couple things that influence human behavior, like rewards and losses, personal beliefs and motivation. He and his colleagues used this foundation to develop a sort of game that rewards drivers who don't use their phones in the car and puts them in competition with other drivers who are trying to do the same. Delgado says this strategy reduced phone use by about 21 percent. When small financial rewards were added, that jumped to 28 percent, and the participants kept up their changed behavior around phone use even after the game ended. I think a lot more attention needs to be focused on how to make it easy and attractive to do the right thing. If we can redesign the environment so that it's less risky by default, I think people are going to be in much better shape. Now, researchers hope this type of program can be used by insurance companies and driving education programs to help reduce distracted driving on the roads. So it was a bit of a slow news day due to the Labor Day holiday, and I went through about a dozen new sites this morning looking for a few stories to put on your radar as you get back to work, and I came across just a couple. So here they are. High levels of carbon monoxide gas are being blamed for the evacuation of a dinner theater in Lancaster County on Friday. Our sister newsroom, LNP Lancaster Online reports two people were taken to a hospital after emergency crews were called to the Magic and Wonder dinner theater in Paradise. Employees reported feeling sick and lightheaded. Emergency responders determined high levels of carbon monoxide were found throughout the building with levels up to 300 parts per million of carbon monoxide recorded in the theater. Now, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration lists the permissible exposure limit for carbon monoxide at 50 parts per million. The theater canceled its Friday performances but was cleared to reopen for its Saturday events. And more than 50 firefighters have battled a blaze in one Dauphin County community that displaced three people. And live reports the house fire occurred yesterday evening in Swaterra Township. The cause is unknown. I certainly hope you feel like today's episode gave you some better insights into the news of the day in central Pennsylvania. And if it did, please share it with your friends and on your socials because you can play a big part in spreading the word about us while helping the morning agenda reach more people like you. And I hope you also check out our monthly Spotify playlist. We have a brand new one. It's called the Morning Agenda Song of the Day, September 2024. And I'm going with ZZ Top's Lagrange. And for some reason this one has stuck in my head. I've been watching the Bad Monkey series on Apple TV with Vince Vaughn and I think that's his ringtone. So when I heard it this morning, I knew that was my pick. And that is going to do it now for the Morning Agenda. It's a daily news podcast from WITF where the only agenda is you. I'm your host Tim Lambert. Thank you so much for listening today. I always appreciate your company. Be well, enjoy the rest of the day. And you know what? We're going to talk again tomorrow.