 Pennsylvania remains a vital battleground state in the race for the White House. And now, with former President Donald Trump found guilty of 34 felony counts, how will his unprecedented criminal conviction affect the upcoming election? Well, from one end of the state to the other, KDK and our sister station CBS News Philadelphia are teaming up today to listen to you and take the pulse of Pennsylvania voters. Early this morning, KDK's Barry Pintar loaded up into a car and met up with Dan Snyder of CBS News Philadelphia in the heart of Pennsylvania. They met in the town of Belafonte in Centre County to talk to voters. What do they want to see from both candidates? What issues matter most to them? Now, they headed out with a lot of important questions, and as you might imagine, they listened to a lot of political opinions. And both Barry and Dan are joining us live from there with more on what the voters had to say. Yeah, Christina and Megan, as you say, vital, it could be even called an understatement in terms of how important Pennsylvania is in terms of who the next person is who will sit in that Oval Office. I am here with my colleague Dan Snyder here from CBS Philadelphia, and we set out, Dan, to try to get a pulse post-verdict if anyone swung one way or another. I'm curious, were you surprised at what we found? I was a little surprised today. We talked to a lot of people. We came right up and down this main street here in Belafonte. Like you said, this is dead center of the state. If you threw a dart at Pennsylvania, we're literally in the center. It doesn't get much more center than Centre County. And it was interesting to see because Centre County has been a tightly contested race the last two presidential elections. They both lean Democratic, but really close margins here, and every vote is going to count. So we kind of came in thinking we were going to get a good mix of voters, and I think we did that. We did. Yeah. Yeah. And when you say tight, just to put it into perspective for you, 2016, it was what, 1800 votes? About 1800 votes. So when we say purple, it doesn't get more purple than this. So of course the question we asked, the folks we met on the street, we saw about 50. Here's a sample to the question of, did yesterday's verdict swing you one way or another? Your reaction to yesterday's verdict? I got home and my husband could not stop laughing. He was so happy. I just feel that it's time for justice to be served and for him to be held accountable, just like anyone else would if they did the same thing. Who are you voting for and why? Listen, I'm voting for Trump. I don't know who did that yesterday. It doesn't really matter. All I'm saying is this. We need a stern president, somebody that's healthy, somebody that can speak for the people. And that's what it's looking like right now. I mean, from my perspective, it seemed like he's hands on with a lot of things. And yeah, that's the type of president we need. The verdict in the Trump trial. Does that move you anyway? Honestly, no. No, because I feel that for the last eight plus years that the country has really changed in such a way that is not good. I personally feel that we are from the outside looking in. We get laughed at a lot for some of the shenanigans that our government does. And the shots that are being taken from both sides, you know, a Republican or Democrat. And that's really why I'm undecided. Yeah, Barry, it definitely seems no matter what side you're on, everyone is unhappy. Did yesterday's verdict surprise anyone you talked to? You know what, Megan, I can't speak for Dan here. We'll ask him next. But I came expecting very strong opinions about that verdict. So not only did I not find it swung them one way or another, but the gentleman we talked to in the middle, who was basically, I don't care. I don't care. It doesn't matter. Pretty much everyone we talked to, red, blue, undecided, felt the same way. Yeah, and especially those undecideds not going to factor into their decision. And that's what we heard. Which is the whole point of what's going on here because as politically, a political analyst would say, it is the undecided people who will decide the direction Pennsylvania goes. And even they are saying, it didn't matter one way or another. Yeah. All right. So, Dan, tell us, voters, they're not moved by yesterday's verdict. But what is motivating them right now? So, we've heard this time and time again. But it's true for the voters in Belfon. It's true for most voters in Pennsylvania. It's the economy. It was the number one thing we heard. Is my dollar going to go further? It's not going as far right now because of inflation, heightened grocery prices. We've heard this time and time again. And that's going to be a huge factor, whether you're a Trump supporter, whether you're a Biden supporter, and specifically, as we talked about, for those undetermined voters. Unbelievable. And, Christine and Megan, great question because in our next hour, during the five o'clock hour, we are going to specifically ask a Republican, a Democrat, and an undecided, how important is the economy to you? You'll want to see that. The answers are fascinating. All right. Barry, Dan, lots of good stuff. We look forward to hearing more with you at five.