 Yo, so we're here live in Butler, PA at the Trump rally. This is the second time that he has been here since someone tried to kill him and tried to threaten his life. And we're live with the one and only Tim Poole. How you doing? And why are you here today? I'm here because this is history. Donald Trump has returned to the place where someone nearly took his life. It's brave, but it's historic. This matters more than anything right now. The stakes of this election with the statement being made by Donald Trump, I felt like I had to be here. I couldn't miss out on it. And what would you hope to take away from this whole situation after the rally is all said and done? Well, I think the reason Trump is here is show strength, that he will not be chased away. The attacks will not stop him. I've had people criticize Donald Trump. They say to me in my show, why would he stand up after getting shot at? Is he stupid? And I said, because the people need to know that he is not afraid. They need to know that he's okay. They need to know that everything is going to be okay. So I had Ian on the show ask me, he's like, why would Donald Trump stand up after getting shot at? Is he stupid? And I said, Ian, let me ask you something. Do you think it's honorable when the king of a nation would stand in front of his cavalry and lead the charge into battle? And he says, yes. And I'm like, so is it not honorable for Donald Trump to stand up after someone trying to take his life, raise his fist and let all of his supporters know that he is leading the charge? Is the danger any different when a king would rush straight into a bunch of men with spears? So maybe you can criticize Donald Trump for that and say he's dumb, but there's a big difference between someone who's willing to sacrifice and someone who is stupid. And Donald Trump knew the dangers and standing up was to send a message to the world. He won't back down and coming back here is very similar. Is that what motivates you to come back here? Because some people think the people, the rally goers, the attendees, the guests are crazy for showing up to a place where somebody tried to kill another person. Is that what motivates you? Because I've actually seen you online get criticized, get ridiculed. I've seen rappers on your show. I've seen a whole bunch of you being a musician and an artist and all that. I've seen you been faced a lot of opposition. Is he an individual that motivates you to keep going? Like what's that fire? What keeps you up at night? You know, I've never been the biggest fan of Donald Trump. I've never been a red, maggot wearing guy. Donald Trump was just a good president and he's the best president of my lifetime. And the bar was really low. But I like Donald Trump. I think he's a good guy. I think he's got character defects. Nobody's perfect. But to see his foreign policy in action, to see his domestic policy, it's undeniable. He's the right guy for the job. I think J.D. Vance is going to inherit something truly fantastic. I'm very excited for 2028. But when Trump says, I'm going to come back to the place where I took a bullet, nearly died, that is a powerful statement. But it's a historical moment that matters in rallying people, boosting morale and telling people you need to get out, you need to vote. And with that being said, seeing Donald Trump's willingness to come back to a place where he nearly died, I'm getting off the podcast chair and I'm coming out for the first time in a few years to one of these rallies. Next week I'll be speaking at a voter registration rally as well with Jack, because you can't sit by on this one. Just being online and doing a show, sure, a lot of people think it's great, but I'm going to get on the ground when I can. And I'm going to try and be as influential as I can to inspire people to be as brave as Trump is in the face of taking a bullet. So if there's an individual that is on the fence and they don't know who to vote for because they've been listening to the internet and online and seeing joy, happiness, vibes, all that type of stuff, what would you tell them to sway them to vote for the right person? I told my buddy, he said, I'll never vote for Donald Trump. I can't stand the guy. And I said, do you like RFK Jr.? And he goes, yeah, I love him. And I said, RFK Jr. says that if Donald Trump wins, he wins. And he goes, yeah, no. I'm like, okay, so here's the deal. You tell me you hate Donald Trump. I say, okay, I understand. The RFK Jr., Tulsi Gabbard, Elon Musk, come on. This is a dream administration for anybody who has truly believed in America, who has believed that we shouldn't be involved in these foreign wars, who believes that we need to clean our food up and have true health in this country, a return to health, making America healthy again. You can rag on Trump all you want. But a vote for Kamala Harris, what's her party bringing you? Dick Cheney and Liz Cheney? Come on. I know people going back to the 2000s who hated the Bush administration. They were critical of the Obama administration. And now they're saying Trump is the worst, but Trump has surrounded himself by really good people today. So please, if you don't like Donald Trump, totally get it. The man's, a little nasty sometimes, posts some mean tweets, bad character, right? RFK Jr., Tulsi Gabbard, take it or leave it? That makes a lot of sense. Now I want to get into some fun. I want to get into some fun. I've seen you top the charts with your music and you do music on top of everything, on top of your reporting. I've seen you skateboard. I'm a skateboarder too. I've seen you do other stuff. And I love the fact that you're multifaceted and you stay busy in different things. How important is doing the other things such as art important to our nation? It's the most important. Politics is downstream from cultures. That's Andrew Bright Party said it. Everybody knows that if we don't inspire the younger generation to be involved, then you're going to get communist policy because the left is going to go to the kids and tell them this is what you got to be, what you got to do. So you look at all the big musicians. What are the songs we're getting? They're vapid. They're about drinking. They're about having sex. And to a certain degree, I get it. Sex, drugs, and rock and roll, right? But there's got to be, there's got to be culture built by us that can still be creative, can still espouse values of freedom without encouraging kids to do drugs or be worse versions of themselves. If we do not make culture, if we do not bring something to young people and say, this is exciting and fun, they're going to go straight to the left. And that's what's been happening. So we got to reverse that. So do you have anything to add to the people that you want to let them know about anything at all? You just do so many things. So it's like anything. I mean, listen to our show on Apple podcasts or wherever you watch your show, Tim cast and Tim cast IRL hang out. We talk every night and have a good time. It's about it. I suppose. And any new music on the horizon? Oh, yeah. So we just released Coming Home, which is a song about how our cities are falling apart. So you guys can check that out on YouTube. Tim cast music. But we have another song coming out in hopefully a month that is a tongue in cheek song about these political elites who believe they're the smartest and the best and they're better than you. So that might be coming out relatively soon. We hope I'm so excited to listen to that because I'm totally in that culture, the whole alternatives, skateboard and all that. When I saw that, I think you posted that clip recently. I didn't I had no idea that you stayed in all that. I've been skating for decades. What, 25 years now. So we're doing a lot. We got boonies HQ. We actually just sold around 400 skateboards. We sold so many skateboards that our distributor did not believe us when we told him like, hey, we need hundreds of these in stock. They were like, I don't know about that because skateboards don't sell that much. But helping to reinvigorate skateboarding, getting young people interested, getting people to get their kids interested in being physically fit, physically active, creative. This is how we change the world. I think that you should do a skateboard collab with RFK, a Maha skateboard. I don't know. Maybe we talked about getting Riley Moore one. That would make sense. Yeah, he's great. He's going to be our rep in West Virginia and he skateboards. He's actually pretty good. So maybe we'll make a Maha skateboard. That could be fun. That'd be so dope. But I really appreciate your time. I really appreciate you. I can't wait to see what else you come out with, whether it's news, music or skateboarding. And I just wanted to meet you in person and say thank you for all the hard work that you're doing. Can we get a photo really quick? Sure. So we're here with Jack, live at Butler PA. I just know he's dropping a new book, Bulletproof. Can you just give me a quick synopsis about it and why is it important to drop that book? We're putting this book out before the election. It's all about what happened here at Butler, Pennsylvania on J13. But it's also about what happened down at his golf course on September 15th. The two assassination attempts that we know of so forth. This man's life is in jeopardy. And we're going to get to the bottom of all the security failures. We're going to ask why he was his. Security detail was denied. We're going to ask how this psychopath was able to get from Ukraine down as a Western foreign fighter. And we even constituted our own private investigation because I don't trust the federal government. So we've hired private investigators. They're going around Butler. They're going around Bethel Park. And it's an active investigation that's going on now that we're going to put out our own report as to what happened that day. Thank you so much and thank you for your service.