 Now with less than two months to go for the US presidential elections, former President Donald Trump also campaigned in Pennsylvania, in fact in Butler in Pennsylvania, the same site where there was an assassination attempt targeting him in that campaign rally. So months after that assassination bid on former President Donald Trump, a theatrical comeback of former President Donald Trump at that same location, listening to the highlights from his campaign rally in Butler, Pennsylvania. Exactly 12 weeks ago this evening on this very ground, a cold blooded assassin aimed to silence me and to silence the greatest movement, Magga in the history of our country. Magga. We love Magga. For 16 harrowing seconds during the gunfire, time stopped as this vicious monster unleashed pure evil from his snipers perch. Not so far away, but by the hand of Providence and the grace of God, that villain did not succeed in his goal. Did not come close. He did not stop our movement. He did not break out our spirit. He did not shake our unyielding resolve to save America from evils of poverty, hatred and destruction. Yet we are here this evening in record numbers. This is a big crowd. This is our big one. This is a big one. Yeah. In fact, Elon Musk fiercely campaigned for former president and Republican nominee Donald Trump in that same campaign rally in Butler. Listen into what he had to say. I think this this this election, I think it's the most important election of our lifetime. This is this is no ordinary election. The other side wants to take away your freedom of speech. They want to take away your right to bear arms. That they want to, it's where they want to take away your right to vote effectively. You got 14 states now that don't require voter ID. California California, where you still live, um, it is just just passed a law banning voter ID for voting. This is a must win situation must win. So I have I have one one ask for everyone in the audience, everyone who watches this video, any everyone in the live stream. There's one request. It's very important. Register to vote. Okay, and and get everyone you know and everyone you don't know, drag them to register to vote. There's only two days left to register to vote in Georgia and Arizona 48 hours. Like text people now, now Yeah. And in other global news of Frontier Airlines flight caught fire during an emergency landing at Harry Ride International Airport in Las Vegas on the flight on route. Um, this was the fire which erupted in the flight that declared an emergency after the pilots detected smoke upon landing at the airport. The fire and rescue teams quickly extinguished the fire and all 190 passengers and seven crew members were safely deplaned. No injuries were reported. Well, this sort of you want to go there? I don't know.