 During the pandemic, you impose some of the toughest COVID restrictions in the country, including at one point banning any public gathering outside of a single household. Then President Trump tweeted, liberate Michigan, and he also targeted you. Take a look. Michigan, all she does is she has no idea what's going on. And all she does is say, oh, it's the federal government's fault. So we've taken such great care of Michigan. Don't call the woman in Michigan. It doesn't make any difference what happens. The governor of Washington. No, you know what I say? If they don't treat you right, I don't call. This was at a time in the spring of 2020 when armed protesters, protesters armed with rifles and automatic weapons, descended on the state capital. Between that and being targeted by the president of the United States, how tough a time was that for you? Oh, man, it was awful. The worst part was, it wasn't about insults and people protesting me. It was that people were dying of this disease that we didn't have a lot of help from the federal government on. We didn't have a lot of knowledge about it. We had refrigerated trucks outside of hospitals in metropolitan Detroit to hold the deceased. I was begging for masks for doctors and nurses. And so the hardest part of that time was the loss of life and the incredible impact we were feeling at the same time, New York, New Orleans and Chicago. We were the epicenter at the beginning of COVID. Then in October, law enforcement broke up a plan to kidnap you and put you on trial. And you have said since then, this wasn't a kidnapping plot. This was an assassination plot. Well, I mean, let's look at how different attempts get covered, right? So Justice Kavanaugh had someone show up on his lawn, turn himself in, one person, and it's been covered as an assassination attempt. Rightly so. There were a dozen people who trained for months, staked out my house, had plans to execute me, and it's covered as a kidnapping plot. These plotters had no intention of keeping me. They weren't going to call someone for ransom. They were going to execute me kind of like you see, you know, happen in terrorist situations. And that was the plan. How much did this shake your family up being under this kind of threat? Well, it was hard. My whole family's made sacrifices. My girls, I remember, we were all home and there were people with long guns on the front lawn right outside the gate. And they came out and they said, what's going on? And you could hear it, the vitriol and the ugliness. And even for someone known as Big Gretch, this must have shaken you. I mean, obviously the personal threat to your safety, but the idea that if there are crazy people out there, your husband, your children could also be in danger. I think about it everywhere I go, Chris. The former president made me a target and threw a lot of gas on the fire and it has continued to burn. And I think about it everywhere I go. So yeah, it's taken a toll. But it's not going to scare me. It's not going to change who I am and how I operate and how I treat people and the decisions that I have to make. I've got a job to do and I'm going to do it. You say you think about it all the time. I thought about it all the time. You still think about it all the time. I do. There are times when I am in public and I've got the greatest state police detail in the world. But there are big crowds at times and it does cross my mind. I'm not obsessed with it, but it does cross my mind. There's no justification for any violence under any circumstances, but I do want to explore a little bit with you the effectiveness of your lockdowns. Michigan was one of the last states to lift a cap on public gatherings in June of 2021. My comparison, Florida lifted its cap in September of 2020, but the death rate for Florida from June of 20 to June of 21 was 39.6 per 100,000. The death rate for Michigan was 97.3 per 100,000, so more than double. Why did Florida do so much better without the cap than Michigan did with the cap? I've seen a lot of reports about some of the numbers that you've just cited from Florida and perhaps the lack of confidence and the accuracy of them. I don't know. I'm not going to weigh in on their policies. I'm going to tell you, I listened to the best experts in the world, the people here at the University of Michigan. I made hard decisions because lives were on the line. The biggest fear in the back of my mind was that this pandemic would look like the 1918 which took a lot of young children's lives. That's why we were aggressive. That's why I think studies here have shown that we've saved thousands of lives. At the end of the day, the most important thing that government does is keep people safe. In hindsight, it's 2020, but looking back and looking at some of these numbers, do you think you ever reacted? If I could go back in a time machine with all the knowledge we've accumulated, would I do some things differently? Absolutely. Any governor who doesn't say that exact same answer doesn't know enough to know what they do and didn't know during the time. I'm just curious if there was one thing in particular that you could do differently, again, knowing then what you know now, what would it be? Michigan would have been manufacturing the world's masks and swaps and would have helped keep people safe. But I mean in terms of lockdown. There were moments where we had to make some decisions that in retrospect don't make a lot of sense. If you went into the hardware store, if you go into the hardware store, but we didn't want people all congregating around the gardening supplies. People said, oh, she's outlawed seeds. It was February in Michigan. No one was planting anyway. But that being said, some of those policies I look back and think that maybe was a little more than we needed to do. I know that you are all in on Joe Biden for 2024, but if something happened, would a Democratic candidate who had won sweeping reelection as a Midwestern governor with a impressive record of bipartisan accomplishments be an attractive candidate for president? Sure. That sounds like a great description. That said, I am not running for president in 2024. Andrea, I mean, if something happened, you might. No, I've made a commitment. I have signed up for a second term as governor and I'm going to work every single day to be the best governor I can and put this state in the best position it can be in when I leave and hand it over to whomever comes after me. So I checked. I did my research and it turns out that in 2028, you will be 56 years old, which may under the current climate be too young to run for president. But you're not ruling out ever considering running for president, are you? You know, when I left the legislature, I never thought I'd run for anything again. And here I am, the sitting governor of Michigan in my second term. I'll say this. My mother died of glioblastoma at the age of 59. And that is in the back of my head. I'm not a fatalist. I'm not thinking my days are numbered in the near future. But that weighs on my mind on occasion. I feel really lucky to be exactly where I am right now. This is where I want to be and we'll see what happens down in the future. But I'm not making any secret plans in any, you know, smoky rooms.