 I'm here in Arizona speaking to voters about one of the key issues in the upcoming U.S. election, abortion and reproductive rights. This election is my first time actually being able to vote. I understand on both sides where they're coming from, but I think the whole pro-choice thing really had me. When I hear the other side, you know, the more conservative opinion, I don't like the fact that they bring religion into it. I'm not too sure just yet who I'm going to be voting for. There's an abortion amendment on the ballot this year. How do you feel about abortion in this state? I am pro-life. I do believe that we should have rights, but then also there should be rights for the unborn as well. Kamala Harris supports the creation of a national law protecting abortion rights. She says she would veto a federal abortion ban. Republicans in Congress are now calling for a nationwide abortion ban. And I've said it before and I will say it again. How dare they? Donald Trump has said that abortion access should be left up to the states, but he's been inconsistent about whether he would oppose a federal abortion ban. I'm not in favor of an abortion ban, but it doesn't matter because this issue has now been taken over by the states. Would you veto a national abortion ban if it came to your desk? Some of the voters I spoke to said that they plan to vote Democrat, despite disagreeing with the party's stance on abortion. I'm just against the abortion part, but I'm going to go here. Because everyone does have the right. It's just I'm a Christian, so I believe in having no abortions. I'm anti-abortion. I've gone to fund Republican to Democrat. I'm somewhat conservative. So some of the Republican ideas I follow. Arizona is still a conservative state. We're just not a MAGA state. It just isn't a Donald Trump state. It's going to be a close race. 2020 came down to 10,500 votes. We are hearing within our own circles in the league, this transcends party, their ability to make decisions over their bodies, their family decisions for health care.