 the assassination attempt against former president Trump. This all happening last night over at a campaign rally in Pennsylvania. We have been covering this around the clock and we are getting new details here. I do want to bring in CB Cotton with Fox News to break down the latest for us. Good morning, CB. We appreciate it. Hi. Good morning, Josh. Thanks for having me. So the sun is rising on a heartbroken community. The immediate impact of the community is now an active crime scene. So on the roadway leading to the rally site, it's now blocked off and members of the media. We are being kept about a half a mile away while investigators do this really important work. In the meantime, though, Josh, people in this community and really across the entire entire country, they have so many questions on how the named shooter Matthew Thomas Crooks was able to gain access to a rooftop that had a direct vantage point to the rally stage. Some witnesses reported seeing the gunman move from roof to roof before the shooting and so many witnesses have spoken to our correspondents and talk about the terror that they watch unfold. Just horrific circumstances. Republican Speaker Mike Johnson says the House will conduct a full investigation into this tragedy and the how in the committee chairman of the House Oversight Committee says he's calling on the Secret Service director to speak at a hearing on July 22nd. So we already see that people are demanding answers to these questions with this case. The FBI is leading the investigation into this rally attack. But during a late night press briefing, a spokesperson for the FBI said it was a secret service that would have to answer questions as to what the FBI was doing and how it would have to be done. And so we're not going to see that as a secret service that would have to answer questions as to why that rooftop just outside the perimeter wasn't secure. The FBI spokesperson explained that for this type of rally, it's the Secret Service who coordinates the perimeter and really handles and leads all of the security efforts. And, you know, as all this continues to unfold, people from all across the country are concerned about the fact that the FBI is not going to be able to get this as we see another show of strength from former President Donald Trump. We saw him being ushered off the stage last night with his fist raised. But we also know early this morning he arrived at an airport in New Jersey. He walked down the steps of his plane unassisted and again a show of support, a show of strength, and a show of strength from the FBI. And we also know that as a result of this managed point, we are not able to see the injuries to the former president's right ear. But Eric Trump, his son, told our colleague Bill Hemmer that his dad was, quote, one of the toughest guys. And Josh, we also know that President Biden's campaign has confirmed confirmed they are trying to pull their television campaign ads as well. And we know that they are trying to get the video to the police. And people are left heartbroken by the loss of life by those left critically injured after the shooting and of course to know that a former leader of the free world was attacked in such a vicious, vicious way. Back to you and see the I'm looking behind you and I can see all of the flashing lights that are there. It looks like the road is pretty much so heavy police presence and it seems like this entire community has sort of been fortified after what just unfolded here within the past 24 hours. I can see state troopers. I can see local police officers. And I wouldn't be surprised if we have some federal law enforcement officers also milling about this area. Josh, I also want to mention that our law enforcement sources have confirmed that the the shooter's background and a lot of people are also wondering about his political beliefs and his political affiliations. I think it's too soon to say What? You know what We might uncover? But certainly there are a lot of from Butler, Pennsylvania. As always, thank you so much for taking the time to be here with us. We appreciate it. Thank you, Josh.