 OK, now with us now is Republican Congresswoman Lisa McLean of Michigan. Thank you for joining us. Now you just heard the governor acknowledged the problem on immigration for the Harris campaign, but accused Republicans of being more interested in exploiting the problem than solving it. How do you answer that charge? I'm just curious. That ink pen that President Biden and Vice President Harris used to undo all of those executive orders that kept our nation safe. Did that ink pen run out of ink? I don't think so. We don't need a border bill. We need to institute the actual policies that worked. Remember, the Biden-Harris administration undid all of the border policies that kept our nation safe. It's really simple. Use the same ink pen that you use to undo all of Trump's policies. Use that ink pen to use the executive orders to sign the bills and into law that actually worked. The other thing I'm going to say is there is a difference between border security and immigration. We need to first secure our borders before we talk about immigration. They're two completely separate issues. Stop trying to mix the two. OK, so recently, former President Trump's longest serving chief of staff, General John Kelly, revealed new allegations, including that as President Trump praised Adolf Hitler, he's one of a long list of former Trump aides, including his vice president, who say that Trump is too dangerous to return to power. You're all in for Trump. Do you think these people are lying or do you just not trust their judgment? Well, first and foremost, I respect General Kelly and the service that he gave to our nation. However, I think it's pretty coincidental that this coincidentally came out eight days before the election. You've sat on this information for years and eight days before the election. You decide to bring this this information up. I'm not much for coincidences. Perhaps this is maybe has something to do with him getting fired by President Trump and him using it as a political ploy more than anything else. Well, I'm sure he wants Donald Trump to lose the election. I think I think that that is very evident. Somebody else who wants Donald Trump to lose the election is former Republican congressman Fred Upton, who represented a district near yours for many years. He seems to agree with Kelly and Pence, and he's one of dozens of former House Republicans who have or will vote for Harris. What do you say to him? Not much, quite frankly. It's unfortunate, but perhaps there's the reason why he's not in Congress anymore and Representative Heisinger is. Listen, we live in America. You can vote for whomever you want to vote. That's the beauty of living in America. But, you know, he's entitled to his opinion. And what I would say is it's it's extremely unfortunate. OK, Republicans have delighted in the vice president's struggles in your state with Arab American and pro-Palestinian voters. Now, that's typically a reliable voting block for Democrats. But if these voters are principally concerned about Harris and what they see as her unwavering support for Israel, how do you make an argument to them that they would be better off in that regard with Donald Trump as president? All you have to do is look at the facts. Unfortunately, President Vice President Harris talks about what she's going to do, what she's going to do. The problem is she's had she's been in office for almost four years. And what has she done under President Trump? His actions speak louder than his words under President Trump. We have had exactly or we had exactly zero wars, zero versus what's going on with the world being on fire under the Harris and Biden administration. So you can talk about what you're going to do or what you're going to do, or you can take a look at actually what is being done and what has been done. And I can share with you for the people of the state of Michigan, actions speak louder than words. I was just at a rally yesterday with former President Trump. And I can share with you he has got a tremendous support from the Muslim community. And it's because they want peace in the Middle East and they trust him much more as a leader than they ever would under Vice President Harris. Thanks for watching. Go to joinnn.com to find News Nation on your television provider. And don't forget to click the red subscribe button below to get more of News Nation's fact driven unbiased coverage.