 Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump are each holding their first big events today since Tuesday night's fiery debate. With just 53 days until the election, both campaigns are hoping to build momentum as questions swirl over whether there will be another debate. NBC's Peter Alexander has that, plus a new controversy swirling around Trump. Vice President Harris and former President Trump returning to the trail today, traveling to critical battleground states on opposite ends of the country. For Harris, North Carolina, Trump stumping in Arizona. After their contentious debate, the pair putting differences aside to come together at the memorial marking the 23rd anniversary of September 11th. But it comes as Trump is facing controversy over connections to conspiracy theories. Traveling with him recently, Laura Loomer, a conspiracy theorist who last year insisted 9-11 was an inside job. Earlier this week, Loomer sharing a racist post about Harris, who's the child of Jamaican and Indian immigrants, suggesting if Harris wins, the White House will smell like curry, among other things. When asked for comment, the Trump campaign did not address Loomer simply saying his participation in the 9-11 ceremony was not about anyone other than the souls who are no longer with us. And the Republican governor of Ohio, a Trump ally, is pushing back on baseless conspiracy theories amplified by Trump in the debate about immigrants. They're eating the pets. Governor Mike DeWine saying he trusts city officials. They have no evidence of that at all. Urging Trump to stay focused on issues like the economy and protecting the border. I think the more he can stick to those issues, I think the better off that he is going to be as he goes forward. Following Tuesday's fierce face-off. I was killed the underdogs in this race. It's tight. Harris' campaign is calling for another debate, but Trump, who previously insisted on multiple debates, is now noncommittal. You know, when you win, you don't really necessarily have to do it a second time. Harris is hoping to capitalize on her strong debate performance, even as some undecided voters say they want to know more about her plans, including how she'd address immigration in the economy. There's got to be somebody that genuinely cares about us and has real policies and real ideas, that are realistic. That was Peter Alexander reporting. The numbers are in, and we now know 67 million people tuned in for the presidential debate, between Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump. That is higher than the 51 million who watched Trump and Biden square off in June. And according to Nielsen data, more than 6 million of those viewers were ages 18 to 34, while 16 million were between 35 to 54 years of age. There'll be extra security on Capitol Hill this coming January 6th. That's when members of Congress meet to certify the electoral votes from the 2024 presidential election. It'll be the first election certification since the U.S. Capitol attack of 2021. This time, Congress will have the full weight of the federal government behind its security, including more officers on the ground and technology to detect potential material used in weapons of mass destruction. Tonight, President Biden will deliver remarks ahead of the 30th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act. The president will host nearly 1,000 survivors, advocates, former staffers and allies at the event on the South Lawn of the White House. Biden helped write the Violence Against Women Act as a U.S. senator. It extended historic protections and support to survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault for the first time. The Biden administration also plans to roll out new measures to combat gender-based violence. Kamala Harris is coming back to North Carolina today. It's the latest in what has been several visits to our state over the last six months. WR's Noah Klein is here now with where she is set to speak and when, Noah. Jeff Harris is expected to hold two rallies in the state today. She's set to speak in Charlotte around 3.40, then Greensboro at 6.50. Take a look, new video coming in from our crew inside the Greensboro Coliseum. The Harris team is calling this the New Way Forward Tour. A campaign official tells NBC News her team is entering a new, more aggressive phase. Since Harris became the presumptive nominee, another campaign official said more than 20,000 new volunteers have signed up. The official said nearly 2,000 North Carolinians signed up to volunteer during Tuesday night's debate. Almost a quarter of them were students at campus watch parties. Matt Mercer, a state GOP spokesman, argued Republicans have out-registered Democrats for years because of better policies. Mercer said, quote, Republican leadership in North Carolina is tested and has proven to have a superior ground game. Nearly 61,000 people have registered to vote in North Carolina since Biden stepped out of the race. More than half of them registered as unaffiliated voters. WRL's Laura Levine will have live coverage of Harris' visit later tonight. Noah, meantime, former President Donald Trump is set to make his second trip to southern Arizona in less than 30 days. But before he could appear in Tucson a second time, his campaign had to make a deposit of $145,000 up front. That required deposit came about because he failed to pay an $81,000 bill from a campaign event at the Tucson Convention Center from 2016. That bill was for 180 police officers to patrol inside and outside the TCC Center for six and a half hours. Trump is scheduled to begin speaking at 5 p.m. More time.