 A president show Biden and former president Donald Trump will battle it out at the ballot box in Pennsylvania in just a few days as voters head to the polls on Tuesday for the commonwealth's primary. Both candidates made campaign stops in the keystone state in recent days with Trump swinging by bucks at Lehigh counties and President Biden making a three-day push through PA with stops in Scranton, Philadelphia and in Pittsburgh. Hear now to talk more about that and the key role Pennsylvania is playing in this year's presidential race is Brandon McGinley, editorial page editor for the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. Brandon, good to be with you today. We appreciate it. According to the Cook Political Report, Pennsylvania is one of six toss-up states in the 2024 election and in 2020, Biden, as you know, won PA and in 2016, Trump turned the state red, pulling off a win against Hillary Clinton. Brandon, so let's talk about what a win in Pennsylvania means for the candidates and how crucial is it? Yeah, I mean, I think Pennsylvania is absolutely a must-win state for Joe Biden in particular. It's really difficult to see a path to victory for him if he were to lose it as he did in 2016. Yeah, and what are some of the big issues for voters in Pennsylvania right now? What are you hearing and seeing? Well, I think one of the things that makes Pennsylvania distinctive is precisely that it's not very distinctive. It is very similar to the rest of the country, demographically, socioeconomically, and in its diversity. And so I think what you see here are some of the same things you see elsewhere. I look around Pittsburgh, a place that's known for having relatively low cost of living, and I see concerns about cost of living, especially on housing. And so things like that that maybe are difficult to track with economic data that people do see on a day-to-day basis, especially, again, in an area where we're used to being known as a low cost of living area, and it doesn't feel like that anymore. Yeah, that's really scary right there. And while in Pittsburgh, President Biden, he made a speech at the United Steelworkers headquarters, this on the heels of the announced acquisition of U.S. Steel by Japan-based Nippon Steel. Talk to us a little bit more about what Biden had to say and what type of impact do you think it had? How do you think it resonated with folks? Yeah, it's clear that politicians, frankly, across the aisle think that it's good politics to attack the acquisition of U.S. Steel by Nippon Steel. I will say just from my perspective and from the experts I've spoken with, I have yet to find a nonpartisan expert who thinks that's a bad deal for American workers or for the American economy. But it's clear that this is actually one way I think that Donald Trump has really shifted the entire, what's considered normal in American politics, is this kind of economic populism or nationalism is in now, and both parties are trying to get in on it. And one of the ways they do that is by attacking this acquisition. Yeah, and President Biden, as you know, he often touts his humble Pennsylvania roots from Scranton. I'm curious about this. How do you think that's going to play into this election? And also, Brandon, the upcoming primary on Tuesday, how much of a difference does that make for voters in PA? Yeah, you know, it's hard to say. I mean, I think that in some ways, you know, some of that has kind of played out with it's already baked in. I guess you might be fair to say. I am curious to see how, speaking of the primary, the only thing that will be terribly interesting in the primary is how far the uncommitted movement gets. Around here, you do see some momentum for voting uncommitted in the Democratic primary. I think the vast majority of them will return to Biden in the general. But it will be interesting to see if that generates any chatter in the coming days and weeks. Yeah, and Brandon, Pennsylvania, as we know, is a very big state. I'm from there originally. Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, very different. And between any sense, though, of how folks may vote in this upcoming election? Well, you know, let me put it this way. If we are in October and we think that Pennsylvania is on the nice edge, I think it's bad news for Joe Biden. I think Biden needs to have a comfortable two or three point lead here going into election night, because if not, it's hard to see how some other states will come online for him. One local thing that may be of interest is that the local Democratic Party in Pittsburgh has recently been taken over by folks who are definitely more on the left. And there has definitely been some concerns about the state of Pittsburgh, especially downtown Pittsburgh among suburban Pittsburghers. And so that could be a slight headwind for Joe Biden, seeing concerns about Democratic governance among more moderate suburbanites in the Pittsburgh area. All right, Brandon, thank you so much for weighing in. We really appreciate it. Yeah, thank you so much. Thank you.