 Ladies and gentlemen, we've got more important early vote data. We're getting stuff right now out of Pennsylvania. We're getting things out of Nevada, Arizona. You do have the current situation with Pennsylvania and them talking about the firewall. I'm going to go through this. Biden got 2 million mail-in votes in 2020. Trump got 600 K. So the Democrat firewall was 1.4 million vote advantage going into election day. Do you really think a 500 K advantage for Harris means a victory? And that comes from this post, which is this liberal person talking about the Democrats and their current firewall plus 294 K saying they're around three fourths of the way to getting 400 K, which doesn't make a lot of sense. But considering when you look at the 2020 figures where Trump gets 600 K in 2020, Biden gets 2 million, that's 1.4. Why would it then get cut down to half a million from 1.4 million and vote in advantage in 2020? I could understand that if Biden won the state by five or six points in 2020, but the state was very close, it was an 80 K vote difference. So it seems like this whole firewall thing, it's just made up numbers for liberals to try and act like, oh, they're doing well in the state. Obviously they're going to have the early vote advantage, especially in a state like Pennsylvania. But these numbers are way off from where they are supposed to be, at least in accordance to 2020. Maybe they're comparing it to 2016, but Hillary lost it in 2016 in Pennsylvania. So I don't exactly know where they got that number of, oh, we've got a firewall. Once we hit the 500 K, that's the sweet spot we're winning the state guaranteed. Well, Biden was at 1.4 million in terms of early voting. So you go from 1.4 million to 500 K and you think you're doing good. Really? And obviously we know there's going to be more Republicans early voting, but that's a bit ridiculous. And we understand the dynamic. When you compare it to 2020, it's going to be different. But we've got huge Pennsylvania numbers. We've got Atlas Intel coming out and saying Pennsylvania is a three and a half point Republican lead. We've got Elon Musk doing daily town halls in Pennsylvania with huge lines. We've got Trump doing rallies in Pennsylvania. You've got some of the Steelers players now. You've got Antonio Brown-Levion Bell out campaigning for Trump at rallies. Trump right now is investing a ton in Pennsylvania. It is the most important swing state. And obviously, obviously these numbers are very, very good. If you can keep it around 500 K when you had a firewall of 1.4 million, that is a significant decrease. There's going to be more day of voting for the Democrats. We understand that, but based off of the polls and based off of these numbers, it looks like they're just throwing random things up. Like, Oh, once we get this 500 K firewall, well Biden technically had a 1.4 million it voted advantage going into election night, that 500 K that's a lot less. That is a lot less. And we know it is going to be closer, but still, uh, you've got the latest Senate map. This is from Atlas Intel. So Atlas Intel also did polling and look at this. This is the Senate map with Ohio not pulled in Ohio. We would expect Bernie Moreno to win by around two to three points. He is currently the betting favorite and it's more so Trump. If he wins Ohio, like we expect by eight or nine points, there's not going to be that much split ballot. It's going to be very, very hard for Brown even being the incumbent to win that Senate seat. So you're looking at potentially 54 here. If Republicans can win Michigan, Pennsylvania, this is them losing Nevada and Arizona, uh, obviously keeping Texas and Florida. We expect that, but I would say definitely taking Montana. That's pretty much a lock. You take Ohio and then if you can get to that's 54, which is very important, especially when you look at the 2026 midterms to get to 54 53 or 54 is what you want. And I've said it was either going to be 53 or 54. Cause I think they're taking Montana and Ohio and then one rust belt, whether it's Wisconsin, Michigan, or Pennsylvania, if Trump wins Pennsylvania by three and a half, I think McCormick's going to win by about a point. I really, if Trump was able to stretch a victory, a margin of victory in Pennsylvania by three and a half McCormick wouldn't be able to get, you know, get pushed over the finish line by like a point, a point and a half or something like that. And in Pennsylvania, it's the same thing with Rogers. I mean, you're looking, you've seen an Atlas Intel. Now Atlas Intel was a little bit more conservative when it came to those states in terms of the margin, because we normally don't see Trump up by three and a half in Pennsylvania, Trump up by three in Michigan. Although there's been a few polls in Michigan that have had had Trump up by around three or four. But if you get that margin, now you're talking about the Senate race is getting a lot better in the rust belt for Republicans, even though Wisconsin is potentially in play if Trump can win it by two and a half to three. Um, and then again, you know, you look at Ohio, they didn't pull Ohio. That's another state where Trump wins by eight and a half, nine and a half, kind of like he won in 2020 or 2016. We expect it to be a little bit more than in 2020 or 2016 because of the environment. We're looking at a Bernie Moreno victory, even if it is just by a few points, it's still going to happen because that's just very hard to make up in terms of the split ballot voting. You've got Nevada early vote numbers, Republicans sitting at 46% Democrats at around 32. You can see the in-person early voting versus the mail-in Republicans winning both of them. So far, there's only 76 K votes. Very, very important to caution people. Only 76,000 votes. I know people are saying Clark County, it's crazy. Trump is winning it. He's not going to end up winning the early vote in Clark County. We have to calm down. These are good numbers, but this is just a day, you know, early time, day one, day two snapshot of Nevada, but there are very good numbers in Nevada. There's very good numbers in Georgia right now. Uh, there's good numbers in, in Pennsylvania with their fake firewall. So for Trump right now, and then obviously you look at all the betting and everything like that and in the Atlas Intel poll, and now we're really talking about the popular vote being a potential Trump victory as well to the point where I might have to predict a Trump popular vote victory. And I don't even think that it's that far out. And it's not just the swing in some of these States like Nevada, but it's more so the swing in the more liberal States. And that's why some people were like, they were shocked that Trump, and it doesn't make a lot of sense that Trump would be plus three in the popular vote, but losing some of the swing States, which is what Atlas Intel had it. But the reason that is is because of the massive shift in the liberal States where Trump's going to cut into the margin significantly. So Nevada, I mean, these are really, really good early vote numbers, but this is a very, very early, early snapshot. Uh, this is another interesting trend. Now what liberals will claim is, Oh, Rasmussen is, I mean, even if you want to say that it's, it's biased to Trump, NBC news, Quinnipiac, Marquette, how bad is Marquette been this cycle? Now they've got Trump up in a national popular vote. Fox news has been in terms of their polling. They underestimate Trump, Atlas Intel has been the number one most accurate pollster. These numbers look amazing for Trump. When you look at some of these recent polls, I'll, I gotta be honest. You've also got this. Uh, this is kind of like their daily polling trend, uh, T I P P the right now they do have Trump sitting plus two. Yeah. So this is kind of like ridiculous. I mean, this is a four day span. It's shifted six points. I mean, I guess it's good that, you know, you want to be up for sure, but that's, that's kind of weird that that's a four day span like that. Uh, five 38 has Trump 52% chance to win. Honestly, I'm kinda, I know it's a ma it's a model, right? And we know how five 38 rigs it. And this is what all the political forecasts do is they'll have a model. And obviously when it comes to inputting dead into that model, you can choose to wait pulls more than others. And they basically wait the liberal polls that have been wrong significantly in 2020 and 2016, they, they weight them heavily. So they get more runway. And that's why you see a Morris with a, you know, just pathetic, horrible poll that has Harris plus five. When everyone knows it's ridiculous, it's plus seven Dem sample, but it's like a weighted in a plus. And so it affects the model. Um, so I really hope five 38 has ends up having Harris win because imagine they actually do go with Trump and they're like, we got it right. And it's just like the way you did it, your process is so flawed. You know, they, they, they should just have Harris winning honestly. I just, cause I want them to be wrong because it's just been so horrible this entire cycle. Uh, you've got this Clark County. Yeah. I mean, Trump's doing very well, but it is very early voting there. We have to understand that, uh, Arizona 20, uh, oh, this is all, this is also really good data. 2024 general election turnout estimate, you have Republicans with around a plus 8% electorate advantage. So the Republican electorate advantage in Arizona in 2020 was around four points and Trump barely lost the state by less than a point. Now you're talking about an eight point electorate advantage that lines up with what we expect. We've been saying it's about a three and a half point victory in Arizona for Trump. It's going to be the easiest swing state for either candidate to win is Arizona going for Trump. And that's the expectation. So you've got a plus eight Republican electorate advantage. And it might actually be like a five point victory. If you get a plus eight Republican electorate advantage, cause it was plus four and Trump barely lost. And now it's a more favorable environment, but you're looking at at least a two or a three point victory in Arizona with these numbers. If this holds with the advantage of around 8%, obviously the others, you know, they're probably going to lean more liberal, at least on average, at least they did in 2020, because that's how you get, if you have a four point Republican electorate advantage and then the Republican loses by half a point, that's a lot of independence going left. And we expect that, but it's not, you're not going to make up eight points like that in a state like Arizona, especially with a more favorable environment for Trump in 2024. That's just not how it works. So if these numbers are close to accurate with a plus eight Republican electorate advantage in Arizona, you're looking at a three, four, four and a half point win, something like that. And now you're talking about Kerry Lake because Kerry Lake is going to perform a lot better than the polls indicate. I can guarantee you that Kerry Lake's not losing the state by six or seven. And I know people, a lot of Republicans they're not too fond of Kerry Lake, but if, I mean, listen, there's possible Trump takes us by four and a half. Kerry Lake can win by about one. Um, we'll have to see what ends up happening, but it's not like there's some, there are some polls that have Kerry Lake close to winning that state. But either way guys, we're getting good numbers out of Nevada. We're getting good popular vote numbers. We're getting good numbers out of Georgia. We're getting good numbers out of North Carolina. We're getting good numbers out of Arizona, looking like a plus eight Republican electorate. That's the forecast right now. You've got five 38 now and their sham model admitting, all right, Trump's going to win. We give up maybe to go back and forth. It's, you know, it is what it is, but all the betting saying Trump's going to win. Everything is aligning right now. The big Atlas Intel poll, the most accurate pollster in 2020, one of the most accurate pollsters in the midterms, but 2020 is what we really look at their national popular vote. It's been plus three Trump in July. It's been plus three Trump in August. It's been plus three Trump in September. It's been plus three Trump now after the update yesterday in October. So they're sitting plus three Trump. We've got the Gallup party ID sitting plus two to three Republican pro environment. We have the most accurate pollster. We have the most accurate party ID national popular vote. They're both saying Trump is going to win by two to three points. Boy, we would have to see some crazy deviation deviation for Kamala Harris to win this election. That's what it tells me. We've got the most accurate, most accurate, most accurate, most accurate, most accurate party ID popular vote model along with the most accurate just poll in general on the popular vote in 2020 for three straight months now saying Trump's plus three. This is, this is a popular victory for Trump. I think honestly, when you think about this, but this is crazy either way, guys, that's going to do it for this video. Make sure you follow me on X link to that's always in the description.