 tell you myself if I didn't have my faith, I'd go crazy. There's nothing and all of us are kind of reeling from it. There's nothing normal about this tonight. The sister of the man killed at former President Donald Trump's Butler County rally is looking back on the last two months without her little brother. Good evening and thanks for joining us at 11. I'm Josh Taylor in tonight for Ken Rice. Corey comparator sister says time hasn't made it any easier, but she hopes going to Trump's rally on Saturday will help her family heal. Jennifer Barasso spoke with her and joins us live from the Butler Farm showgrounds for a story you'll only see on Katie K. A. Kelly meter Corey comparator sister says returning to the place where her brother was murdered a short time ago is still so raw, but she will be here along with other family members hoping to get answers and closure. He was so humble and he was so kind and he was so generous and his laugh was infectious. I think I missed that the most because he was just he was a goof ball. A servant's heart for his church and his community. A firefighter who adored his family ripped away from them in seconds. Corey comparator to even say the words that my brother was murdered is it's surreal in a Katie K. Exclusive comparator sister Kelly meter speaking out before she sees the Butler Farm show for the first time where the unthinkable unfolded at former President Donald Trump's July 13th rally. Her younger brother shielded his wife and two daughters from flying bullets. I can't even imagine what they experienced. I can't even imagine being there and seeing what they had to see. Our hearts are broken for ourselves, but they're so broken for them. Corey texted his mom when they got the chance to move from the grass into the bleachers. He joked, you know, he's like I'm the one with Trump shirt on. Yeah, you'll see me. Kelly got the shocking phone call from her mom. She knew when they carried him down the steps that those were his boots. When Helen's face came around, I could just see the horror on her face. I knew we knew the family's life crushed forever. My mom, of course, is she shattered. Corey was the only son. He was the baby. You start the day soon as you open your eyes, you cry through all the pain and agony and outpouring of support from the community to strangers. The family touched, seeing Corey's gear at the Republican National Convention on stage with former President Trump. Former President Trump recognized Corey at the convention. Yeah. What did you think? That's my brother's gear. He should still be here. I mean, we were very honored that he did what he did. And the former president hasn't forgotten them calling after his second assassination attempt. He's very kind. He's very selfless. He called my mom because he wanted to know how she was doing. She's 76 years old. And he said to her, he said, I'm calling you as a father. He said, how he meant it. He's so very sorry for what happened. I mean, you would think that I mean, he he feels almost a personal responsibility for it. Like you could tell that when he says he's sorry, it's from his heart. He's truly sorry. You know, um, it shouldn't have happened. The Trump campaign invited comparators family to the October 5th rally. Kelly and her husband and her sister, Don accepted Corey's mom Karen to distraught. It's strange. I'm not nervous about going. My mom doesn't want us to go for Kelly. Going to the rally means closure. I need to sit in those stands. I need to see that roof line. I need to see where that man laid on that roof and decided that it was a good idea to just shoot into that crowd and maybe getting some answers. I need to see that where they're putting security now. I need to see why it wasn't there that day. Kelly tells me that the Trump campaign told her that the former president will honor their family on Saturday, and she says they'll get a chance to meet with Trump before he speaks, and they may even be called on stage. We'll be here covering that rally. Stay tuned to Katie K. A. Reporting live outside the Butler Farm show, Jennifer Barasso, Katie K. TV News.