 Donald Trump and his loyalists in the Republican Party are as laser-focused as they ever have been on subverting future elections to regain power as they demonstrated yet again at another deranged rally in Arizona over the weekend. For more on this, it's time for a closer look. ... Well, today is Martin Luther King Jr. Day, which means it's a day full of Republican politicians who support voter suppression efforts and have spent months fanning a crazed right-wing panic over so-called critical race theory, deceptively quoting Dr. King out of context like the new governor of Virginia, Glenn Youngkin, who signed an executive order banning the teaching of critical race theory on his first day in office and then went on Fox News and quoted Dr. King. We're not gonna teach our children to view everything through a lens of race. Yes, we will teach all history, the good and the bad, because we can't know where we're going unless we know where we have come from. But to actually teach our children that one group is advantaged and another is disadvantaged simply because of the color of their skin cuts across everything we know to be true. And the immortal words of Dr. Martin Luther King ring in our ears that we must judge one another by the content of our character and not the color of our skin. It's like the only MLK line Republicans have ever read. It's like how the only Chumbawumba song anyone knows is tub-thumping. Even though they have tons more. There's one where they get knocked down and don't get back up again. It's super sad. Played at my grandpa's funeral. See? This is what happens when you do show an empty apartment for a week. You forget how jokes go when they're in a room full of human beings with souls. Yeah, anyway. Republicans quote Dr. King the way Trump confidently dances to YMCA, but doesn't seem to know anything about the village people or the context of the song. YMCA, we love the YMCA, don't we, folks? And you know who else loves it? The cop, the sailor, and of course, the leather daddy. Oh, they love to go to the YMCA and swim a few laps before they go out on dates with their wives and girlfriends. And even when they do try quoting any other MLK line, they apparently can't be bothered to read any further than the exact quote they're looking for. Today, for example, Florida Senator Marco Rubio tweeted this deceptively quoted line from Dr. King's I Have a Dream speech without any additional context. When the architects of our republic wrote the magnificent words of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence, they were signing a promissory note to which every American was to fall heir. Did you read any further than that, or did you just pull up the text of the speech and do a control F for things that make it sound like he agrees with me? Because, dude, you've got to read just like two more lines. And then you'll see that the rest of the quote says, this note was a promise that all men, yes, black men as well as white men, would be guaranteed the unalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. It is obvious today that America has defaulted on this promissory note insofar as their citizens of color are concerned. Man, it's times like these that you just wish Rubio would go back to his old job as the picture that comes with the frame. I know there are liars and con artists, but Dr. King was essentially saying, you made a promise and you didn't keep it. And Rubio just quoted the you made a promise part. That would be like quoting, since you've been gone, but not the chorus. As Kelly Clarkson said, and all you'd ever hear me say is how I picture me with you. That's all you'd ever hear me say. Moving words about a love that lasted forever. Of course, all of these outrageous bad faith misrepresentations of what Dr. King said are happening as Republicans led by Trump are actively engaged in attempts to suppress votes and subvert future elections. It's now been over a year since Trump unleashed a violent mob on the Capitol with rioters who waved, among other things, Confederate flags. And we know that not only did Trump sick that mob on the Capitol, he gleefully watched them on TV as they tried to overthrow democracy. And he refused to do anything about it, as even his closest allies privately pleaded with his chief of staff to put a stop to the riot. And yet Trump is still walking around, lumbering into arena rallies in the oversized coat and red hat like a mobster who has to umpire a little league baseball game to fix the score. Strike three, you're out. But that was the first pitch. Hey, kid, get lost or the only thing you'll be sliding into is the East River. Trump is still free somehow, despite multiple investigations into his business and political activity, including his attempt to shake down the Georgia Secretary of State to, quote, find enough votes for him to win. Now, I could cite any number of legal experts or constitutional scholars, but instead, I'd like to highlight an esteemed voice who I consider far more of an authority on these issues. That's right, little Stephen. What kind of country we live in? Where the guy's not charged? We're living in an asylum. Okay, we're living in an insane asylum right now, okay? You know, if you commit your crimes in broad daylight, then it's okay. I mean, I can make a case right now, you know, that this guy's guilty of treason 10 times over, but he's on videotape saying, go down, overthrow the government. The guy is a criminal, he's in a criminal empire, and the bigger his crimes, the more public they are, the more he gets away with it. And this is why Biden's approval rating is so low, okay? It's because America respects strength, you know? And they'll even take it from a phony buffoon, you know, blowhard, like Trump, who's not strong, but he pretends to be strong, so they even go with that. We got the biggest criminal in the world running around playing golf. We can't even arrest him. I love, love listening to political opinions in that accent. It makes me feel like I'm in a taxicab, begging the driver to keep his eyes on the road. I'm surprised he didn't end his rant with, so near corner, far corner. Honestly, they should let Steven prosecute the case against Trump, although they'd probably just make him share a mic with Merrick Garland. It's also remarkable how Trump has driven everyone so insane, they're becoming more and more like their fictional characters. Arnold Schwarzenegger brandishes Conan's sword, De Niro's dropping F-bombs like he's in Goodfellas, and now little Steven saying people respect strength, like he's advising Tony on what to do about Uncle Junior. Next thing you know, Nick Cage is gonna try to steal the actual Declaration of Independence. We have to protect it from Donald Trump. Go see pig. So Trump is still walking free despite what you would think is overwhelming evidence of his guilt, including the fact that he fomented a violent insurrection to overturn an election that resulted last week in seditious conspiracy charges against some of the key militia figures involved. 11 members of the far right anti-government extremist group the Oath Keepers have been charged with seditious conspiracy. The leader of the far right extremist group the Oath Keepers is due to appear in federal court. Stuart Rhodes is one of 11 defendants who the Justice Department charged with sedition on Thursday for their involvement in the January 6th insurrection. These are the most significant charges in the investigation so far. It's a sign of both how dangerous and how dumb our times are that one of the key violent groups involved in an attempted coup is called the Oath Keepers. It sounds like the name of a group of 12-year-old amateur detectives who give themselves. We will solve the case of the unreturned library books for we are the Oath Keepers. Oath Keepers sounds like a yellow jacket's knockoff about a group of teen girls who have to keep a terrible secret, although I would definitely watch a show about a group of teen girls, plus Donald Trump, who had to keep a secret because it would be only a half an episode before he gave it up. What happened to you in the woods? We did what we had to do to survive. We ate Claire. We ate our friend Claire to stay alive. We did. We did. We ate her. We could pretend we didn't, but we ate her. We ate her, and I do think it's what Claire would've wanted. Even though her last words were, I don't want this! But as we've learned throughout the entirety of the Trump era, it's very possible to be both dumb and dangerous at the same time. The indictment from the Justice Department is full of both dangerous and also incredibly stupid details. For example, at one point, the accused Oath Keepers were caught discussing both bringing weapons with them to the Capitol and what uniforms they should wear. One said to another, "'Pack khaki tan pants. Weapons are okay now as well. Sorry for the confusion. We're packing the car and heading your way shortly.'" And then another replied, "'We don't have any khakis. We have jeans.'" They're a violent militia group trying to overthrow democracy, and they sound like waiters getting ready for work. "'You can't wear jeans at the Olive Garden, but they're my nice dark jeans. Jeff! We've been through this. I thought when I was here, I was family. That slogan is for customers, Jeff! You know that.'" And at another point, these morons came up with what they thought was a foolproof plan for escaping law enforcement. According to the indictment, one sent an e-mail to another, and attached to the e-mail was a photograph that showed cursive handwriting on a line notepad that stated, "'Secure comms test. Good talk tonight, guys.'" And they explained the cursive writing by adding messages in cursive to eliminate digital reads. Oh, my God, you absolute dip-beep. It doesn't matter if it's in cursive. You're attaching it to an e-mail. It's like disguising your voice during a bank robbery while you stare directly into the security camera. "'Listen to my voice. You have three hours to meet our... Oh, is that a camera? Bleep." Did you guys know the bank had a camera? It actually does matter, Jeff! Did you genuinely think that attaching a message in cursive meant it was somehow secure? Is that how you think the U.S. military communicates by passing handwritten notes like teenagers in math class? Psst, psst. I have a message from the Joint Chiefs of Staff to CL Team 6. He says, "'I think you're cool. Do you want to raid a compound later?'" For some reason, these insurrectionist morons have the idea that writing things on paper makes them extra top secret. For example, at Trump's rally over the weekend, MyPillow CEO Mike Lindell claimed he had invented a new form of paper for future elections that was somehow even more secure than the paper we have now. We have a replacement for the machines. As a matter of fact, tomorrow, we're going to film it. The replacement, it's paper, but it's paper on steroids. It's the most awesome paper you've ever seen. But you can't copy it, okay? It's better than money. What is paper on steroids? It's paper, but you don't need a pen to write on it. You can just use your finger and it responds to touch and you can transmit it to a secure central processing server. Oh, it's a computer. I accidentally, I accidentally invented a computer. Oh, this is more embarrassing than when I thought I invented the pillow. The coup attempt Trump and his gang of authoritarian dopes started shortly after the November 2020 election is ongoing. It's just a slow-moving coup now, and they're trying to pull it off without too many people noticing, which is why we have to pass urgently needed voting and election reforms and hold the people who stage the insurrection responsible. Otherwise, they'll do it again. They'll try to overthrow democracy and shred the Constitution, which, as the founders themselves put it, is... The most awesome paper you've ever seen. This has been A Closer Look. ... ... God's Love We Deliver cooks and brings over 2 million meals a year to men, women, and children living with HIV AIDS, cancer, and other serious illnesses, and they need your help now more than ever. If you're watching this online, you can hit the Donate button. Stay safe. Get vaccinated. We love you.