today, vice president kamala harris was back in michigan,  where early in-person voting is  under way in parts of the state. as part of a blue wall  multistate blitz with liz cheney courting disaffected republican  voters, including those in  suburban detroit. i believe what is at stake in this election is so fundamental  for us as americans. do we prioritize a president of  the united states who cares  about rule of law. what i think most of us believe, regardless of your party  affiliation, that the real  measure of the straight of a  leader is based on who you lift  up. it's a continued sign of how  important michigan and its 15  electoral college votes are this year. over the weekend, the vice  president held a rally with  singer lizzo in detroit. and former first lady michelle  obama will join harris on  saturday for a rally to kick off state-wide early voting in  michigan. both vice president harris and  donald trump blanketed michigan  friday, as they try to shore up  support amid some baggage in the state. vice president harris is facing  opposition from michigan's large arab american and muslim  communities over the biden  administration's support of  israel's war in gaza. while donald trump tried to  clean up a mess after insulting  the state's largest city and  belittling michigan's many  autoworkers. take a look at detroit. take a look at our cities. we're a developing nation. we have to develop more than  they do. mercedes-benz will start  building in the united states. they build everything in  germany, and then they assemble  it here. they get away with murder  because they say, oh, yes, we're building cars. they don't build cars. they take them out of a box and  assemble them. we could have a child do it. joining me is michigander  michael moore, academy-award  winning filmmaker and host of  the michael moore podcast. thank you for being here. you generally have a good sense  of how your state is trending. how is it looking? which of the two candidates'  messages seem to be resonating? i felt -- certainly since  july, that we were going to win  michigan. i still feel that way. the only thing i'm worried about is the fact that biden and  harris got 70% of the arab  american and muslim american  vote in detroit, in michigan,  back in 2020. 70%. as of may, due to the gaza war,  the vote had dropped to 12% of  the arab voters in michigan. it's back up now, now that  harris is the candidate, to  about 43%. but it was 70% back in 2020 for  harris and for biden. so we have a lot of work to do  in michigan to convince mainly  there's about 2 million  non-voters, people generally who don't vote but are elvable to  vote who don't vote. we just need to convince about  40,000 of them to show up in a  state where hillary lost by  10,000 votes, two votes per  precinct. we have to do that, and there  were 75,000 voters in 2016 when  hillary did lose, 75,000  michiganders, mostly in  democratic districts, left the  top line on the ballot blank,  presidential line. didn't like trump, didn't like  hillary, and we ended up,  michigan in the trump category. so i and others are trying to  make sure that doesn't happen. but i'm not asking muslim or  arab americans, especially these are our neighbors in michigan. they have lost family members. they have lost people they know  in their community in gaza, in  the west bank, in lebanon. we'll make up the votes in other ways. i'm not going to insult them by  asking them to vote for, in  their minds, what they say to me and to others, this  administration funded netanyahu  and funded this war. and you can say to them, yeah,  but you know trump is going to  be a lot worse. and they're like, yeah, we  remember. he wouldn't let us travel. that's what trump did, a travel  ban against us. american tax dollars have funded the war and have paid for the  bombs and the slaughter, and i  just -- i'm sorry, i'm just a  white guy. i'm not going to ask my  neighbors in detroit who are  arab and muslim to go against  their conscience. we'll take care of it, we'll  make up the votes through the  non-voters who are going to come out. and joy, as you know, this is  going to be a tsunami of women  voters in this election, in two  weeks. i don't think some people, the  pollsters, i don't know, i don't know if they understand how many women are going to come out. you can't tell 51% of the  population that they don't have  equal rights to their bodies  that men have. it's just -- -- yeah, sorry. no, a couple things. you're saying you wouldn't go  and tell arab and muslim  american voters to do. on the other side, lara trump's  father-in-law is doing that. with richard grenell. they are out there like really  pushing and trying to stump for  donald trump actively. our own -- one of our reporters  went and talked to lebanese  american voters who are very  much opposed. there is an attempt on the other side, but i want to talk about  some of the other -- fortunately, i'm not lara  trump's father-in-law or  anything like him. so i have a heart and i have --  i understand why. so instead of complaining about  it or wagging my white boy  finger at them to vote, i'm  going to get out 40,000 other  people who are usually  non-voters but would vote for  the democrat. we know who they are. we're getting them out. we're going door to door. we're not going to let michigan  fall into trump's hands. let me ask you this, because  donald trump did a couple  stunts. his stunt pretending like he was working at mcdonald's, it was a  closed mcdonald's. it was a complete stunt, bs. then he goes to north carolina,  that was in pennsylvania. then he goes to north carolina  and he gets a french fry pin,  given to him by congressman who  before had to get rid of  disinformation that trump was  spreading about the hurricane,  and he was standing in front of  hurricane damage, getting this  pin. he's insulting detroit workers  saying a child could do the work that autoworkers do. does that kind of stuff start to land? just the insult, the repeated  insults against working men and  women. absolutely. and over the weekend, he told  the wives of michigan to get  your fat husbands off the couch. to go vote. and it's like -- and it was in detroit. oh, he says america, america  is going to end up like detroit. america should be so grateful  that they end up like detroit. i mean, especially the way that  detroit has come back, it is  coming back. absolutely. and all the great things that are happening. but there's always that tacit  racism involved in statements  like that. oh, you're going to be like  detroit. you know, it's like. black-run city. 80% black city. exactly right. you know, in cleveland, their  city slogan is, cleveland, we're not detroit. okay. that's the kind of stuff we have to put up with as detroiters and flint people. but my last comment is get three people to go to the polls with  you on election day. you have to get -- it's not --  if only you're voting once, you  don't have three other people  voting, we lose. everyone vote and get three  others to vote. michael moore, you have given us the call and hopefully your  fellow michiganders will listen. thank you very much. michael moore. coming up, everyone has been in a frenzy about polling and  what early voting numbers mean. but we really all need to take a deep breath, a deep cleansing  breath and calm down. we will have friends