 In 2020, lifelong Republican Jeff Lake backed Democrat Joe Biden over Donald Trump. In times like these, there is nothing more conservative than putting country over party. In 2024, the former ambassador and Republican senator is again voting Democratic for Vice President Kamala Harris. Flake is far from alone on my wall in the office picture. I got to meet President Reagan. Back when I was in the Air Force, business owner John Webster is a McCain Republican who says the party left him in 2016. I was a little despondent trying to figure out where what I was going to do. Now Webster is one of the leaders of the grassroots group Arizona Republicans for Harris. Their billboards are all over the Valley. I can't support Donald Trump in 2024 because of the chaos. So are these new billboards, part of a $2.4 million ad blitz by Republican voters against Trump. Both outreach campaigns share the same message trying to help others, whether they're Republicans, moderates, independents, conservatives, realized that they're not alone in questioning the choice of the Republican Party. Why am I voting for Harris? Partly it's because I I feel Donald Trump lacks the moral character to be the president of our country. Webster still has his differences with Harris, but says he trusts her character. Now are there things Kamala Harris has to do is Kamala Harris for policies I disagree with? Absolutely. I'm a Republican. She's a Democrat, but will this Republican to Republican outreach make a difference in what's expected to be a razor thin election in November? It's still a red state and you need Republican crossover votes in order to win longtime Arizona pollster. Paul Bence says Republicans turn out advantage makes it essential for Democrats to peel off GOP voters. We need every one of those Republicans that's not committed to Trump right now to crossover and to not just stay home, but to vote. But Bence cautions that an anti Trump message might not lure disaffected Republicans. They have to get past the personality conflict and they have to make it about more pressing issues if they're going to be successful.