 For President Donald Trump back on the campaign trail today in Michigan speaking to thousands from the Van Andel stage. That speech to our battleground state was over an hour and a half long. Trump's visit to Grand Rapids marks many firsts. His first time on the trail is a 2024 Republican presidential nominee. His first rally with running mate J.D. Vance and his first rally since the assassination attempt on his life. Tonight we have team coverage of the event from both inside and outside of the arena. We start that team coverage with our sister station News Channel 3's Kirk Mason who is inside Van Andel Arena during the rally. For the first time since an assassin tried to end his life, the former president holding a large campaign rally. Unlike that outside Pennsylvania rally, this one held inside here at Arrakis Van Andel Arena in Grand Rapids. A very large crowd here for the president go after his critics who say he's a threat to democracy. And they keep saying he's a threat to democracy. I'm saying what the hell did I do for democracy? Last week I took a bullet for democracy. The former president focused on Michigan during his speech and its important car industry. He said he's not against electric but doesn't want EVs mandated for everyone. And I'm constantly talking about electric cars but I don't mean I'm against. I'm totally for them but whatever the market says and if it's 10% of the market 12%. Trump went after Democrats. A growing number of them are trying to push President Biden out of the race. And he was very critical of Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer. Well you have a terrible governor here who did a terrible job. Whitmer, I'd like to run against her actually. Trump's brand new running mate, Ohio Senator J.D. Vance, introduced the former president. What is radical about making more of our own stuff in Michigan, in Ohio, in Pennsylvania? Nothing. What is radical about telling the drug cartels and the violent gangs across the world you're not welcome in this country? High inflation and securing the border were two big focuses of the almost two hour long speech with some strong language talking about deportations. That is why as soon as I take the oath of office we will begin the largest deportation operation in the history of our country. Even larger than that of President Dwight D. Eisenhower. This crowd enthusiastic for a couple of reasons. First, the former president is safe and healthy following last week's assassination attempt. The second, they come to this rally knowing that the polling numbers are looking very good for their candidate including in this battleground state of Michigan. Reporting from Grand Rapids, I'm Kirk Mason. In Detroit area, business man Sandy Pensler has withdrawn from the Republican Senate race in Michigan just ahead of the state's primary throwing his support behind former U.S. Representative Mike Rogers for the party's nomination. Pensler made the announcement at the rally after being called onto the stage by former president. Trump endorsed Rogers earlier this year and many in the party have begun to coalescence around Rogers who served in the U.S. House for 14 years and chaired the House Intelligence Committee. Thousands of people gathered outside Van Andel Arena today ahead of the rally, some even camping out overnight to get a spot inside. And as the rally was ending, Up North Live's Ally Baxter caught up with some rally attendees to hear what they had to say about the former president's speech. Lots of people in Grand Rapids tonight lining up for blocks to hear former President Trump speak at his first rally back since his assassination attempt. This is the messages that he shared and what people thought of them. I've been to like four of his rallies and it's just so inspirational and so patriotic. As people streamed out of the Van Andel Arena, they stopped and reflected on what they say were the best moments of Trump's speech. I thought it was phenomenal. I love the policies. I love the push for unity, for the party, for the country. I think this is one of those speeches that should go down in history. Some saying they appreciated the emphasis on returning to the way things were prior to the Biden administration. The energy, the excitement, the overwhelming desire to bring things back to where they were four or five years ago, where we had people that could afford their homes, where we could have people they could afford to pay for household groceries and stuff like that. Doing well not just as a country, but doing well in the state of Michigan. Some saying they were excited Trump put so much attention on the state. I loved his emphasis on Michigan, that we are the arsenal of democracy, or the leading manufacturer of automobiles is going to bring him back. Do you think he's going to win the state of Michigan in the election? Because we've been so close both times, it's hard to say. I do believe that he'll get more votes than he did the last two times. So mathematically, I think that probability is high. I believe he's going to kill it, he's going to crush it, he's going to win it. He's going to win Michigan. I just feel it. Trump's next rally is Wednesday in North Carolina. In Grand Rapids, Allie Baxter reporting.