 Donald Trump is set to win Michigan in a landslide. Welcome to Politics Enhancing. Thank you all so much for clicking on today's video. And today we're going to talk about the very important swing state of Michigan. Because I believe Donald Trump is doing very good in the state of Michigan and he has a huge shot of winning it this November. But before I begin, please like, comment, and subscribe. Hit the notification bell so you don't miss another video. And without further ado, let's get started. So the presidential election is right around the corner folks. It's less than four weeks away. We have 27 days left to go until the country's fate is decided. And as you can see, Donald Trump has been going up in the betting odds for the presidency. And when we look at the betting odds map, and no, this is not a prediction, we can see that he is now favored to win the state of Michigan, the most liberal of the Rust Belt Trio. This was a state that back in 2016, Trump barely wanted by 10,000 votes. Now he has a sizable chance of winning the state of Michigan because recently, folks, the election has been a nail biter. The polling has been spotty. Trump has been leading in some of the polls. He's been losing in some of the polls. But we've just had some polls come out recently if we go to RCP. And as we can see, Donald Trump has retaken the lead in the state of Michigan. He will too, in Wisconsin, eventually he's gotten some good polling there too. But for today's sake, we're going to focus on Michigan. And when we look at the aggregate, we see Trump is up by half a percent. Just for reference, Clinton was up seven points, seven percent, and Trump won the state. And in 2020, Biden was up almost seven percent as well. And he did end up winning the state, but it was by a much slimmer margin than expected. So the fact that Trump is now leading in Michigan and of all the pollsters, look at Quinnipiac. Quinnipiac historically has been the most liberal pollster of them all. They've been the least friendly to Trump. They don't poll accurately. They oversample Democrats. So the fact that a liberal pollster is giving Trump a four point lead in the state of Michigan, that's almost like what Trump had against Biden. I mean, that's a Trump versus Biden margin before he dropped out. That is huge. And I think the main reason why that is is solely because of the Israel-Gaza conflict. And the reason why I say this, and I've been saying this for a very long time, look at my debate analysis video, listen to my election prediction videos from a couple of months ago. I've always said the Democrats are playing both sides on this issue and it's going to cost them in the election. The reason why I say this is check out this article from Newsweek, which is moderately liberal, not terribly liberal, but it certainly is not a conservative source. And as we can see, Democrats worry that Michigan Muslim voters are breaking from Harris. This is exactly what happened in 2016, except the independence broke from Clinton to Trump. And if we look at this article, we see that Democrats are protesting and not just Democrats, but Muslim voters may protest and stay home or even vote for Trump in protest over Biden's handling of the war in Gaza. This is huge. And as I said back in my debate video, yes, Harris came out and she made a blunder. She said she's always supported Israel at the DNC. She did not give the Palestinian Americans even a five minute slot at the DNC. So she's just been treating them like Clinton treated Wisconsin or like she treated the Rust Belt Trio States. That's how she's treating this voter group. And that's going to come back to haunt her in the state of Michigan. That is really going to harm them because as you can see in this article, it talks about how Biden won by less than 155,000 votes, which was about 3% in the state of Michigan. But in Michigan, there are over 200,000 registered Muslim voters. And not to mention that's not even including Middle Eastern Americans. There's even more of them. Just go to outside Detroit, take a drive up. There's a lot of Middle Eastern Americans, Iraqi Americans, Syrian Americans, Lebanese Americans. These folks are not going to vote for Kamala Harris as she just came out and she said that she wouldn't have done anything different from Biden. So the fact that she's basically a Joe Biden 2.0 and you have Arab Americans, Muslim Americans coming out, protesting, this is not good in the state of Michigan with less than four weeks to go. And you do have early voting, which tends to favor Democrats. But if they don't come out and vote, Michigan could easily be won by a point or two for Donald Trump. And that's the most liberal of the Rust Belt Trio, which takes me back to the map here. If Donald Trump is winning the state of Michigan, he is also likely winning Wisconsin. And there Harris only leads by half a percent. We know Wisconsin polling is absolute garbage. Clinton was leading by six. Trump won it by one. Biden was leading by five and a half. He won by half a percent. We know that if Trump wins Michigan, he's winning neighboring Wisconsin and he's definitely going to win Pennsylvania, which he holds a 0.2% lead at the time of this recording. This is huge for Donald Trump and he needs to keep visiting Michigan. He needs to keep the momentum because Democrats don't really believe they're going to win. Don't believe me? Here we go. Dems with data are extremely bullish on Trump winning. Harris may lose six swing states. I know this is Fox News. It's not the end all be all of pollsters. We know that the polls don't mean everything, but Democrats behind closed doors are panicking at the fact that Harris is not a likable candidate and she is not like a Biden. The sole reason why Biden was able to get in is because he played on the Obama nostalgia and Harris doesn't have that. She doesn't have the Obama nostalgia. She says she's not different from Biden at all. And in a state like Michigan that is going to be decided by less than 150,000 votes, probably 20,000 votes is what we're talking about. It's all going to come out to turn out folks. It's going to come out to how energized is the base and the fact that a significant portion of the electorate in the state of Michigan does not want to come out and vote for Harris and might even vote for Trump is a huge problem for Harris. And she did it to herself. I don't feel bad for her at all because she has played both sides just like what Biden has done. And that's created a huge divide in their own party as to what to do about Israel. With Donald Trump, he may support Israel, but you know what you're getting when you vote for Trump. You know, he's not going to flip flop on the issue. He is going to support Israel. We all know this, but the Democrats pretend to support both and that will be their downfall. That will especially hurt them in Michigan. Not to mention that Muslim American voters are not the only demographic. Trump is also doing very well with African American voters. Now Harris is winning them by about 70%, but even still, if Trump does 5% better than he did back in 2020, that's going to be huge. There's a lot of African Americans in the Detroit Metro area. It's a very diverse place. This is terrible news for Kamala Harris, and she's running out of time to make up the margin. She is almost being locked out of getting 270 electoral votes. And I think on election night, Michigan is going to be one of the closest states because that's just how it is. It's a very diverse state. You do have the rural part of the state that I think should turn out for president Trump. And you do have the Detroit area, which has dictated the state's electoral history a lot in the past, but now everything is up in the air and you could see Trump eke out a very narrow victory in the state of Michigan. But without further ado, I wanted to share this news, because if we do some election math, we can see here that the states that Trump won back in 2020 gets him to 235 electoral votes. Meanwhile, the states that Harris won back, excuse me, the states that Biden won back in 2020 get Harris up to 213. I did include Virginia because I do think that'll be closer. But let's just say hypothetically that Donald Trump is likely to win Michigan or heavily favored. That puts him at 250 electoral votes. And that's not even including Arizona or Wisconsin, which would get him over the finish line. Trump winning Michigan gives him so many options. He could also win through Michigan, Georgia, and Nevada. He doesn't even need Arizona, Wisconsin, or Pennsylvania. That extra 15 electoral votes makes a huge difference in the electoral college. Take a look at Michigan and Pennsylvania. That gets him to 269. He doesn't even need Wisconsin, Georgia, Arizona, or Nevada. And he's leading in Arizona and Georgia. So if you combine that with Michigan and Wisconsin and Pennsylvania, I mean, the road for Trump's victory is endless with those additional 15 electoral votes. Let's say he pulls off Virginia too. You could be looking at a Trump 325 electoral vote landslide. It's not even close. But let's say Trump loses Wisconsin. Let's say Trump loses Pennsylvania and he doesn't win Virginia. Let's say Harris holds onto that. And you have Michigan and you have Georgia. He doesn't even need Arizona. That can stay in the Harris camp, in the Democrat camp. He's likely to win Nevada because of voter registration. But solidifying Michigan is a huge deal for President Trump. Because if Michigan goes Republican, you're also looking at Wisconsin going Republican. And you're looking at Pennsylvania. And at that point, he doesn't even need Georgia and Arizona where he's already leading. Do you see how this opens up the map electorally? Trump is becoming unstoppable, not only just because of Michigan, but because in general, Trump is leading across the board. Let's go out there. Let's finish this thing. Let's get Donald Trump four more years in the Oval Office so he can finish the movement he started back in 2016. If you enjoyed this video, then please like, comment and subscribe. Hit that notification bell as I'm trying to get to a thousand subscribers by election day. And I hope you enjoyed this video as much as I enjoyed bringing it to you. Politics enhanced out.