 17 days to go until America decides who will be the next president. Some have already made their choice official. Early voting opened in North Carolina Thursday. And despite much of the state still recovering from Hurricane Helene, a record number of ballots were cast. More than 350,000 North Carolinians voted early. 76 polling sites were open in the 25 counties that have been declared federal disaster areas. That's just four fewer than was planned. And voting opens today in Detroit in the critical swing state of Michigan. On Friday, Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump hit the campaign trail there. Hard. Both candidates even holding campaign events in the same county. Today, Vice President Harris continues her push in Michigan with a get out the vote rally in Detroit. That's where we find CBS News Chief White House Correspondent Nancy Cordes. Nancy, good morning. Good morning, Dana. Yeah, Michigan is so central to Harris's chances that she's spending a second straight day in this state today. Last night outside Pontiac, Michigan, she made a point of thanking her Arab American supporters in the state with the largest concentration of Arab Americans. It came just a few days after the leader of Hamas in Gaza was killed by the Israeli military. I know this year has been very difficult. Speaking in Waterford, Michigan, Vice President Harris said she hoped the death of Yahya Sinwar would be a turning point in the Middle East war. Everyone must seize this opportunity to finally end the war in Gaza, bring the hostages home, and end the suffering once and for all. Just a few miles down the road in Detroit, former President Trump urged his supporters to show up for early voting starting today. Get your fat husband off the couch. Get that fat pig off the couch. Tell him to go and vote for Trump. He's going to save our country. With the race essentially tied in Michigan, it will all come down to turn out. These Harris supporters told us they're doing their part. How many of you are planning to volunteer? We're already volunteering. Trump has taken an unusual tack in Michigan lately, dissing the state's largest city twice in the past 10 days. We are a developing nation. We're a developing nation too. Just take a look at Detroit. Our whole country will end up being like Detroit if she's your president. On Friday, Harris called that unhinged. The former president is insulting the people of the state. She also seized on a new report claiming Trump had passed on a planned media interview with aides citing exhaustion as the reason. If he can't handle the rigors of the campaign trail, is he fit to do the job? Trump pushed back right away. I'm not even tired. I'm really exhilarated. You know why? We're killing her in the polls. Starting on Monday, Harris will be embarking on a series of moderated conversations with former Republican Congresswoman Liz Cheney. They'll be holding those events outside Philadelphia, Milwaukee and Detroit as Harris tries to eat into Trump's support among independents and moderate Republicans in the suburbs. Errol? All right, Nancy, thank you.