 How are you feeling two and a half weeks out from this election? Betrayed second-class citizens. We've been dehumanized. I don't even know if I can do second-class. I feel like we're almost third or fourth-class citizens now. This is what we're trying to grapple with as a community of color, as a community that is civically engaged, and a community that's done everything right here in America. But we've been told that you don't matter, to the extent that we will continue to shed the blood of your people. As our Americans in this community, as Lebanese Americans now in this community, and you say, politicians, which politicians do you blame? They're the ones that are approving the weapons, the resources, to bomb our people back home. Although I'm here, I'm an American, I work here, I've had my kids here, my roots are still in Lebanon. I feel like they're turning their back on us. That's my home, my homeland. And they're the ones that are bombing it. Who is voting for Donald Trump in 24? It's possible. It's possible. Yeah, it's definitely not by Harris, that's for sure. Who's voting for Kamala Harris here? Absolutely, no. No, not possible. There's nothing she can do or say for us to change our mind. Who's voting third party in 2024? Good chance. So Jill Stein. Mm-hmm. Just like me. It's also possible that some of us will just abstain from voting altogether. But we do know that that's not the best political strategy, you know. Why are you voting for Donald Trump? Because my main goal is to get someone who is actively funding a genocide out of office. Is your vote for Donald Trump a vote endorsing Donald Trump, or is it a vote against Kamala Harris? Against Kamala Harris. Donald Trump has said he will reinstate the Muslim ban. He said that last time. He's said that he wants Netanyahu to finish the job. Donald Trump said a lot of things his first time around that terrified me. The campaign that the Democrats ran was that Donald Trump hates us. I felt safe, though, in the country when Trump was in office. I don't feel safe right now with Kamala in office. So, I mean, that to me speaks more. Trump is definitely bad news for this country. And it's unconscionable for me to want to vote for a man like that. So I would not, with a protest vote, vote for Trump. Some would argue that a vote for Jill Stein is a vote for Donald Trump. That's a moral decision that I'm going to make. That I cannot put a vote behind a man that obviously has these nefarious intent. And I will say, as we put the story together, I was hard pressed to find someone who was voting for Kamala Harris in the Lebanese community in Dearborn that would come on camera because of the fear of being targeted if they spoke out publicly about the way in which they wanted to offer their support. And they compare it to 2016 when folks were voting for Donald Trump at the time of their community, and were not actually vocalizing it. A lot to be watching for in the coming weeks in the state of Michigan.