 Wild weekend in politics as we mentioned a lot of campaigning just two weeks in a day until election day former president Donald Trump Man the Friar and an overall staged event a campaign appearance at a McDonald's in, Pennsylvania Meanwhile vice president Kamala Harris went to church in Georgia for an event that also featured at a happy birthday performance by Stevie Wonder Ed O'Keefe is covering all this for us joins us now from Philadelphia Ed. Good morning Tony good to see you know with just precious few days left It seemed the contenders were just as interested in reaching voters as they were Chucking a few things off their bucket list and if you've ever wondered what do the Pittsburgh Steelers Al Sharpton Stevie Wonder McDonald's and Arnold Palmer have in common. Well Take a look former president Donald Trump on offense last night in battleground, Pennsylvania visiting a Pittsburgh Steelers game It capped off a day of campaign stops And I've always wanted to work at McDonald's that included a visit to a McDonald's closed just for him Or he tried scoring political points after claiming without any evidence The vice president Harris didn't once work at the fast food chain while in college. She never worked at McDonald's She says she did he leaned through the drive-through window to take reporter questions Wouldn't say if he supports boosting the minimum wage. I think these people work hard They're great, and I just saw something a process. It's beautiful Down in Georgia Harris went to church What kind of country do we want to live in a country of chaos fear and hate or a country of freedom? compassion and justice Two churches in fact in hopes of convincing black voters to turn out And later Stevie Wonder showed up and sang to Harris on her 60th birthday No people talk about a bucket list. I think I have just checked off a whole big one In an interview Sunday with Al Sharpton Harris said she's not taking the votes of black men for granted Why would black men be any different than any other? Demographic a voter they expect that you earn their vote Sunday's events followed a new level of bizarre Comments from Trump in the middle of a rally in the Trobe, Pennsylvania Saturday night He spent 12 minutes speaking about the late golfer Arnold Palmer included this off-color comment his man was strong and tough and I refused to say it, but when He took showers with the other pros they came out of there. They said oh my god And he attacked Harris with vulgar language. You're a vice president the worst Harris responded on Sunday Donald Trump should never again stand behind the seal of the president of the United States He has not earned the right. He's not earned the right and That's why he's gonna lose Today Harris starts her day here in the Philadelphia suburbs at an event with former Republican congresswoman Liz Cheney in a bid to woo GOP voters and independents Trump is headed to North Carolina to tour storm damage All right, Ed. Thank you