 What Josh Shapiro brings to Pennsylvania is that he loves what he's doing and he has a passion and it's a ministry. Josh Shapiro has been governor of Pennsylvania for less than two years. But already he's building a national fan base. And let me tell you something, I ain't going back. I am not going back. He set the record for most votes received in Pennsylvania history in 2020. He won handily two years later when he competed against an election denying Republican for governor. You won your race by 15 points here against your Republican opponent. Some people say that that was because you had a weak opponent. What do you chalk it up to? I think we ran a hell of a race. I think what's important, I earn more votes than anybody in the history of running for governor in Pennsylvania. I don't say it's about myself on the back. I say that because as a point of fact, it would require me, it did require me to receive votes not just from Democrats, but Republicans and independents as well. When Vice President Kamala Harris became the Democratic nominee, replacing President Joe Biden on the ticket over the summer, Shapiro's name was immediately floated as a potential running mate. They met early in their careers, almost 20 years ago, he says. Could you talk about your relationship with Vice President Kamala Harris? What's that like? How did you first meet her? I met her with named fellows in the Aspen Institute. She was a brand new prosecutor in San Francisco and I was a brand new state representative in suburban Philadelphia. And we immediately bonded. We traveled all around the country in an opportunity to both forge alliances and more understanding with one another and to strengthen our leadership skills. We've stayed in touch throughout the years. We've both been prosecutors, both served as attorneys general. I got elected governor, she went to the U.S. Senate and then the vice presidency and we've maintained a close relationship and I think she's an extraordinary public servant. She's still in a dead heat with Donald Trump. Why do you think that is? We know it's going to be close and the way you win in Pennsylvania is putting in the hard work, clearly articulating your views and your values to the good people of Pennsylvania and giving them the opportunity to come together Democrat, Republican and Independent behind your candidacy. Harris went another way in her VP search, but the selection process solidified Shapiro's status as a star. But I knew that delay does not mean denial. It was not his time, but he's coming soon. Governor I was sad to see that he might be leaving us as governor and we would have to vote for a new governor again. I was like no, we like Shapiro, we really want him here. Governor constituents actually, they say selfishly that they're glad you didn't get it because they want you to stay here in Pennsylvania as their governor. Did you hear that from some of them too? I did and listen, I love what I do and I always want to have purpose in public service. I think if you're in public service and you don't have purpose in the work you do, if you can't affect change directly, you know, we live by three letters in my administration, GSD, get stuff done. If you're not in a position to do that, I think it makes it harder to do this work in public service. I always want to be in the arena and I always want to be in the arena in a place where I can have the most impact. South Carolina is a place that picks presidents. He's a little exciting guy. I put it at that. If he's around and I'm around, he's straight going to have my attention. At the DNC, I guess it wasn't the arena, you were at a bunch of breakfast, including some of those early states and at the South Carolina early state breakfast, you said that South Carolina picks presidents. Do you hope that one day they pick you? South Carolina knows how to pick presidents and a lot of these states that are thrust into the middle of it, whether in a primary or now here in Pennsylvania in a general election, I think voters are discerning and they're thoughtful about the decisions that they make. So I was making the point there to South Carolinians that they played an important role in elevating Joe Biden. Now they got an important role to play in making sure Kamala Harris is the next president of the United States. For now, Shapiro says he's focused on electing Harris and serving as Pennsylvania's governor. But were Harris to lose in November? How would that affect your timeline for thinking about your political future? I don't think about it that way. I think about the job that I was elected to do right now, which is the highest honor of my life, serving as governor of Pennsylvania and wanting to do the best damn job every single day that I can put points on the board for the good people of Pennsylvania. I'm focused every day on one thing and one thing only, and that is being the best governor I can be for the good people of Pennsylvania. Not on your mind at all. It's not something I think about. I really try not to think about the future in politics. I try and think about the job I have to do right before me, and that is to be the best governor I can be and politically to focus on helping Kamala Harris and Tim Valls be elected president and vice president.