 And staying with the race for the White House, former President Donald Trump's bizarre actions at recent campaign rally have ignited concerns about his mental fitness. The Republican presidential candidate was in the battleground state of Pennsylvania on Monday, where he decided to abandon the Q&A session and instead put on his favorite playlist for nearly 40 minutes. Donald Trump swayed on stage with South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem mimicking his dance moves. More concerning was the fact that the impromptu music concert unfolded after two of the audience members fainted due to the heat, whom the ex-president called patriots. I want this to be a really important evening and those two people that went down are patriots and we love them. And because of them, we ended up with some good music, right, right? So play YMCA, go ahead, let's go, nice and loud. Media reports say Donald Trump refused to take more questions and requested music to be played after some of the crowd began leaving. His showing in Pennsylvania on Monday combined with his recent erratic sit down in Chicago for the economic forum has led to increased questions surrounding Trump's mental acuity. Vice President Kamala Harris has doubled down on the sentiment and called on Donald Trump to release his medical records. He is only focused on himself. And he's not, but here's the thing, North Carolina, and he's not being transparent with the voters. He's not being transparent, so check this out. He refuses to release his medical records. I've done it. Every other presidential camp, every other presidential candidate in modern era has done it. He is unwilling to do a 60 minutes interview. Like every other major party candidate has done for more than half a century. He is unwilling to meet for a second debate. And here's the thing, here's the thing, it makes you wonder, why does his staff want him to hide away? One last question, one last question. Are they afraid that people will see that he is too weak and unstable to lead America? Is that what's going on? What's going on? Already more than 230 doctors, nurses, and healthcare professionals have also written a letter asking the former president to disclose his medical records. Coming to his defense, Russian state media weighed in on Donald Trump's mental ability, asserting that questions about his fitness for office was all democratic propaganda. Yeah, sure. I mean, who can forget, back in July, Kamala Harris was elevated to the top of the democratic ticket after president Joe Biden dropped out of the race due to concerns over his own mental acuity. Now Democrats appear to be flipping the script on the 78 year old convicted felon who could be the oldest president to be elected to the White House if in fact he wins in November. First post decodes the US election. It explains how America chooses its president. You're a primer on the race to the White House. Everything you need to know about how America votes and its global implications. US election explained every Monday and Thursday only on first post. You're a primer on the race to the White House. You're a primer on the race to the White House. You're a primer on the race to the White House. You're a primer on the race to the White House. You're a primer on the race to the White House. You're a primer on the race to the White House. You're a primer on the race to the White House. You're a primer on the race to the White House. You're a primer on the race to the White House.