 The anticipation is building. Vice President Kamala Harris is on the verge of announcing her running mate. And that announcement expected sometime later this morning. Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro, as we've been reporting, is among those on her shortlist. But whoever she has selected, Harris and her running mate, they're going to be holding their first rally this evening. And it's happening at Temple University's Lea Kors Center. That's where we find CBS News Philadelphia's Ross D. Matei and this decision, Ross, truly pivotal in the campaign. It really is. Janelle and Jim, good morning to you. Once again, the entire nation will be focused here on Philadelphia for a major political announcement. And you see behind me the Lea Kors Center here on Temple University's campus. This is where Vice President Kamala Harris will appear alongside her running mate for the first time today. The only catch is that we don't yet know who that person will be. CBS News reports that Harris met with three top contenders over the weekend in Washington, DC. They are Arizona Senator Mark Kelly, Minnesota Governor Tim Walsh and Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro. According to a source, though, Harris is also conducting formal interviews with candidates who have not been confirmed in the media, both in person and virtually. So in theory, it could be someone other than those three. But I want to focus on Shapiro for a second, because we know he is popular here in his home state of Pennsylvania, especially amongst Democrats. But also, he has relatively high favorability numbers amongst moderates and even Trump voters as well. We spoke with a political science professor who says Shapiro could be the difference in securing this swing state in November, along with its crucial 19 electoral college votes. It's difficult to imagine really any campaign, particularly the Democratic campaign from being victorious nationwide without picking, without winning Pennsylvania, which might make the difference in a very close election. One or two points is still a million votes. Makes a big difference. Now, we're expecting a large turnout for today's vice presidential announcement. We spoke with the vice president of public safety here at Temple, who wants to assure that all attendees will or should feel safe, knowing that the Leah Corps Center has hosted a lot of these major events in the past, and they're also going to have help from the Secret Service today as well. Today's not all about the Democrats, so Republicans will actually have a presence in Philadelphia as well. GOP VP candidate J.D. Vance is set to host a press conference in South Philadelphia at the 2300 Arena, where he's expected to talk about the economy and immigration. And it kind of feels like the Republicans wait to maybe steal some of the thunder away from the Democrats on their big day as we await their decision on who will be the vice presidential nominee for the Democrats. Jim and Janelle, send it back to you. All eyes on Philly today. All right, Ross D'Mate reporting for us live outside of Temple's campus. And in the lead up to this morning's announcement, we have been closely following the whereabouts of Governor Shapiro, who has remained mum about his talks with the Harris campaign. Voters are expressing their opinions about a potential Harris-Shapiro ticket. CBS News Philadelphia reporter Wakesha Bailey is live near the governor's family home in Abington this morning. Morning, Wakesha. Yeah, good morning, Jim Janelle. As we have been mentioning all morning, we do know that Governor Shapiro is one of the top picks for Vice President Kamala Harris, Vice President candidate for the 2024 presidential election. Now, at this hour, you guys, it is pretty quiet, but we know that could all change in a matter of minutes, hours, or just any moment. So we were out here yesterday. And as you can see from this video, the governor was off to an early start Monday morning, leaving his Abington home while President Harris is up against the clock into the final hours of one of the most critical decisions of her political career. Now, we're told Harris will announce her selection this morning, followed by a campaign video, which will be released prior to today's rally at Temple University's Lea Cora Center. Now, this will also be the first time she and her running mate will formally be seen together. Meanwhile, the top VP, finally, Shapiro, has been met with the most scrutiny to include his mishandling of a 2011 Philadelphia teacher stabbed to death in her apartment, a sexual harassment complaint made against one of his former cabinet members and his stance on the Middle East. But voters that we spoke to say that they are excited about the potential of a Harris and Shapiro ticket. I watched what he's done for the city, for the state, and he's terrific. I've listened to him talk. He's got a lot of spirit, and I really think he'd be great as a vice president. I really, really honestly think there'll be an awesome match and we'll move America forward. I love Josh Shapiro and what he's done for the state. He's a very strong candidate. I also think Pennsylvania is a swing state and it'll help get her the state electoral votes. He just seems to be the best choice. He's young, he's articulate, he knows how to converse. And the other guy, the astronaut, he's okay too, but I'm going with Shapiro. And as of now, we know that Governor Shapiro is one of the top three front runners. And to wrap up the governor's evening at his home yesterday, at one point he played basketball with his teenage son and their pets stared down the media. So as we have been mentioning, all eyes are on Philadelphia. And of course, as we know more information and if we hear from the governor today, we'll be sure to pass that along to you, sending it back to you guys in the studio. Those dogs are probably like, who are these people at the end of our driveway? All right, Wakesha Bailey live outside of the governor's home this morning. Thanks for that, Wakesha. And our team is standing by for Vice President Harris to make a pick. Once we learn who her running mate is, we'll bring that to you right here on Air Online and on our streaming channel, CBS News Philadelphia.