 Man, you got a lot of critical races. You got a state race, a presidential race. You got state legislative races. You got everything in the world going for you. And we can't thank you enough for taking time out of your busy day. And this is the most important person in the most important state in the entire country right now. I think everybody agrees. You can't lose Pennsylvania when the election. So I think that you can't do it. Well, this is it. All right. Here we go. All right. Our guest is the governor of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Josh Shapiro, a formidable figure in the Democratic Party. Governor, it's nice to have you nice. It's actually a return visit. So it's good to have you back again. You know, Pennsylvania and the political world is what Florida used to be. Everybody says it could determine the outcome. I looked at a dozen polls this month. Four had Harris up, two had Trump up, six had a tie. Who has the upper hand right now? Six weeks out. You know, look, I mean, it's basically a tide race at this point. And just some context, the last two presidential races in Pennsylvania came down to 44,000 votes and 80,000 votes. That's about a percentage point or less. So the way I kind of look at these things with, you know, 40 days or so to go is who would I rather be? And I'd rather be Kamala Harris. Now you'd expect me to say that. So let me offer some sort of data to back that up. I think she is not only doing a great job of kind of getting the band back together, right, getting the coalition back together. But she's also playing on his side of the field. She's in places like Beaver County. Her campaign's been in rural communities. I was with her in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, you know, a week or two ago. The point is she's playing on their side of the field. And, you know, to kind of put this in football terms, I mean, you know, you can get into the red zone in Pennsylvania, but picking up that last yard or two, it's a bitch. It is hard to do. But I'd rather be us than them right now. I think she's got some momentum. And I think she's playing on his side of the field. Well, James and I are both Pennsylvania junkies. He ran important campaigns there. And I grew up in your neck of the woods. So let me just go through some of the state. There's four big fella suburbs, your home territory. One solid Republican. Now they're clearly blue. It was Biden's margin in 2020. Can Harris replicate that margin in Montgomery, Chester, Bucks and Delaware? Yeah, I mean, I think she's got the momentum to be able to do that. We got a lot more work to do. I think one of the issues that really resonates in the Philadelphia suburbs, which taken a lot of you kind of think of the suburbs as a city, it's bigger than Philadelphia, just to give your viewers and your listeners a sense of how important it is. And I think a big issue is freedom and abortion and a woman's right to just simply make decisions over her own body. And of course, Donald Trump is the one that ripped away that freedom for millions of women here in Pennsylvania and across the country. So I think not only can she build on the coalition that Biden put together last time, but I think she's in a really strong position to really focus on the issues that matter a lot in the burbs. You mentioned Philadelphia. And the last time there was a really impressive, I think this is right, black turnout there was with Obama and everybody's tried hard and Biden got a huge percentage. But, you know, I'm hearing from some Democrats, it's still hard to get a turnout and Trump is cutting into some of that black vote in the city. I don't know. Trump's really cutting into it, Alan. I don't, of course, tell me to be argumentative with you. I hear your point on this. I do think it's important that we remember that the map looks really different from 2008. It looks really different from James' big wins in 92 with Bill Clinton in the sense that Philly is critically important. Don't get me wrong. But, you know, the suburbs weren't in play for James back in 92. They weren't even in play to the degree that they are for Obama in in a way. So I think the math around the state has changed quite a bit. And I think you're going to see Kamala Harris do incredibly well in the city and boost turnout in the city. And I think you're also going to see her be able to play in the Philly burbs in a really meaningful way. Well, you'll forget more than I know, but those those four suburbs turn out more votes than Pittsburgh and Philadelphia combined. Yeah, I mean, it's 44 percent of the overall electorate. And so it's a huge amount when you think of kind of what we would call the Philadelphia media market minus Philadelphia. Let me ask you one more and turn over to James. You mentioned she had been in some of those red counties, those working class areas. I again have been told I don't know if it's right. Republicans certainly say this, that she's kind of right. She's running behind where Biden was in the Northeast and Western Pennsylvania. Yeah, I don't know what the data is to to back that up. I mean, we effectively have a tide race at this point. Right. And the last two races came down to a point or less. And so, of course, it's going to be closed. I mean, I'm not sure if she's if the Republicans rhetoric is right and she's really behind. Well, then the correlate corollary to that is then Trump is behind in other areas as well. If you're looking at effectively a tide race, there's 40 some days to go, 40 days to go. And they got to run through the tape. And like I said before, picking up that last yard or two in the red zone is really tough here. And they're going to be competing in all corners of the Commonwealth. Again, you've got in Kamala Harris, a candidate who can compete, not just in the suburban and urban areas, but in the rural areas as well and make some inroads. James. So, Governor, let's get right to news 2020 as our benchmark. Do you think more people, fewer people are about the same will vote in 2024 is voted in 2020 in Pennsylvania? Yeah, I don't know. I mean, look, we've seen an increase in registrations. I brought about automatic voter registration in Pennsylvania. And you've seen a real interest in people registering to vote that way. So you got more people who are eligible. Look, I think there's a lot of enthusiasm for the former president. There's a lot of enthusiasm for the vice president. And so kind of how that all plays out, obviously, I don't know yet. But I'm seeing in the areas of the state that can generate big turnout that historically have had high percentage of the voters in their area turnout. I'm seeing a lot of enthusiasm for Kamala Harris. So, Governor, appropriately, the spilly suburbs and city of Philadelphia gets a lot of attention. And a lot of people talk about the T, which is the let's just call it for lack of a better term. We know what it is, but it's out of center in northern part of state. I never think Allegheny gets enough attention. Yeah. And there's a quite a there's a lot of votes in the Allegheny County is Pittsburgh and the surrounding areas, the uninitiated here. So I want to I want to go north of Allegheny. And I got, well, I got you here. I got to put in a picture my tip my friend Tom Hagan. He really wants to get Governor Walsh to Erie. So whatever you can do it, I'm gonna really that I could push anything is to get Governor Walsh. And I think it'd be a smart place for him to go to Erie. Honestly, there's no first off, I love Tom Hagan. And I thought Tim went up to Erie recently. And I think we're okay. Yeah, I think it'd be great to have him back and have the vice president there. I go to Erie all the time. Erie is sort of one of these critically important swing counties. I've been privileged to win an area every time I've been on the ballot. And it's an area where you got to compete really, really hard. And it's an area that I think is up for grabs right now. So spending a lot of time there, Democrats are both the surrogates and and the candidates and I'm going to continue to do everything I can to help there. You know, thanks over my career, we were lucky if we could, we don't get 37 and Philadelphia burbs in the four counties, we would be on track to winning, of course, that no longer is the case. But the one constant is Erie is was is and looks like will continue to be a kind of 5050 County. It's a bellwether. Yeah, there's no question. And look, Erie's also had some economic challenges over the last summer. Now we've made progress here. We made some critical investments there. And so I think the economic message is really important. And that's where I think you see a stark contrast, right? Kamala Harris talking about cutting childcare costs, right? Having a childcare tax credit. She's talking about investing in small businesses, putting money into small businesses and cutting taxes. That's the kind of stuff that resonates real well in Erie. Unlike I think cutting taxes for those who are at the top of the earning bracket, no offense to them. But I think what you really need to see on an economic message is something that speaks to the middle class strengthens our union jobs and our unions in general. And that's Kamala Harris. So Governor, before I turn it back to our we obviously have a very critical race. You know, my dear friend, Senator Casey, do you expect that Senator Casey will run a little bit ahead of Vice President Harris? Or you expected to be about the same? How do you look at the differential there? Look, we'll see. It's closed. I think poll after poll that shows the presidential race effectively, you know, a dead heat shows Senator Casey with a little bit of a lead. But listen, you know, these races are closed, James, you know that. And the guy that Casey's up against is like a bottomless pit of special interest money. And so who got a whole lot of money being spent against Bob Casey. Bob Casey is an honorable man. He is a dear friend. He votes Pennsylvania values in the United States Senate. He gets stuff done. He's focused like a laser beam on cutting costs for folks. And look, I mean, the guy he's running against like just he's just like not from here. He doesn't get it. And I think a lot of Pennsylvanians understand authenticity. Bob Casey is authentic. Well, I'll return back to I'll just make the point is Senator Casey said I was his first boss when he worked on his dad's campaign. Well, I agree with everything you said about about Senator Casey, Governor, but those private equity and hedge fund guys are going to spend 100 million bucks. That that's a that's a real risk for him. I mean, that's a lot of that's a lot of money. Without question. And I think I said that to James. I mean, look, it's it's just a bottomless and endless supply of money here going against Bob Casey. And it's all nasty negative ads that they're using to attack him. He's in a serious race. James was asking kind of that differential there. I think there's a little bit of a differential. Bob's ran a little bit ahead. But the reality is these races are really, really close. And the Senate is going to be close. And I hope folks are watching head on over to Bob Casey dot com and chip in 2345 bucks, whatever they can afford. You got a couple. You got three potentially close House races, a couple Democrats in the Northeast, Cartwright and Wild. And you have a shot, I'm told, at Scott Perry and Harrisburg and York. Do you? Yeah, without question. I mean, I think there's three races I'm keeping an eye on where I'm campaigning for these members. In fact, I'm doing an event for them this weekend. Matt Cartwright in the northeastern part of the state sort of thinks Scranton area, Susan Wild in the Lehigh Valley and Chris Deluzio in the southwestern part of our state outside of the Pittsburgh area. We got to hold all three of them. And I think we will. Those folks are working really hard and doing a nice job. I think we got an opportunity to really pick up that seat in the south central part of our state. Think like the Harrisburg area. Janelle Stelson is an awesome candidate. She is doing a hell of a job. I campaigned with her recently. And she's running against a guy who like literally votes against the interests of Pennsylvania all the time. He votes against funding for our roads and bridges, votes against our firefighters, even. And of course, he had a hand in January 6th. I mean, he really is someone who has seemingly sworn an oath of loyalty to Donald Trump instead of the American flag in this nation. I mean, Scott Perry, literally after the mob was cleared from the state Capitol on January 6th, he went to the well of the House of Representatives, rose to his feet, sought recognition from the chair of the House of Representatives at the time, and proceeded to say that the votes of the good people of Pennsylvania should be thrown out because Donald Trump told him to say that. Remember, these are the same people who voted for him. And yet he went to the floor of the House of Representatives to say, wait, my election counts. I'm coming back here as your congressman. But the election for president was unjust. And I think that speaks to his lack of character. And I think folks see through that. And I think, you know, whether it's the practical things like the I-83 South Bridge, which I've been trying to get funding for for a while, a lot of people have. Bob Casey voted for that, right? Joe Biden delivered funding for that. And literally Scott Perry, the biggest, most important infrastructure project in his district for generations, voted against it. So whether it's that practical stuff or whether it's his work to undermine democracy, I think Perry is really vulnerable. Governor, another contest or contest that you care a lot about are the state House of Representatives. You have a what, a one vote margin. Can you hold that margin or increase it? Or what's it look like right now? Yeah. Al, here's a fun fact for you. I'm the only governor in the entire country with a divided legislature. I'm literally the only one. And so I've got a house that's led by Democrats by one vote and a Senate that's led by Republicans by three votes. So it is razor thin. I think the House and the Senate are in play. I think we can expand our majority in the House of Representatives. And I'm campaigning across Pennsylvania to help those state reps out quite a bit. James. So governor, I know you visit, but I just want to say that I have faith that Senate cases go in reelection because he is being advised by your dear friend and the Eskimo South Shore. And I think, I think Sal's worth a point. Now, don't tell him I said that because go right to his goddamn head. He's going to watch this. Everybody's going to know. Yeah. Everybody's going to know. Well, governor, I know you're busy. I just been here to talk Pennsylvania politics with you all day, but man, you got a lot of critical races. You got a state race, a presidential race. You got state legislative races. You got everything in the world going for you. And we can't thank you enough for taking time out of your busy day. And this is the most important person in the most important state in the entire country right now. I think everybody agrees you can't lose Pennsylvania and win the election. So I think that you can't do it. Well, this is it. We're, we're, we are, um, I think the epicenter of our democracy. But by the way, guys, um, y'all are students. We've been the epicenter of this for 248 years, ever since one of my predecessors, Ben Franklin walked out after signing the constitution to the cobblestone streets of Philadelphia. And a woman walked up to him and said, Mr. Franklin, what do we have a monarchy or a Republic? And what did Franklin say? He said, a Republic, if you can keep it. And so those five words have been our charge here in Pennsylvania, uh, for the last two and a half centuries, we're working hard to keep it and we're working hard to keep it from the state led races to Congress, to of course, the United States Senate and the presidency. And I'm going to be working my tail off to do what my predecessor said to keep our Republic. Governor, I, uh, I think you got, I think you got a good shot and on all those races, but I tell you what, I don't think you have a good shot at. I don't think the Phillies are going to win. I think between the Dodgers and the Yankees. Oh, I knew that would get you. Huh? That pissed me off. Why are you saying that? Oh, Tony, that's why. Oh, Tony. One word. Let me tell you, we, um, I think it was about a month ago, we swept the Dodgers in LA. Yeah. The Phil's listen, they, they've had a, a little bit of a rough patch in the second half, but they get hot. No one can beat them. Oh, Tony is incredible. I mean, he's going to be 50, 50 guy. Maybe he ends up being a 60, 60 guy would say, I'm sure he says enough games left, but, um, he's just an incredible guy. But I, I think, you know, up, up and down the lineup in the bullpen, uh, we've got a better team and, and I'm feeling really good. It's a red October, baby. Only on the baseball. James, I think he cares about that one. I think his passions really came out. I'm very passionate about my sports. I'll tell you the guy that I, that I think is embodies Philadelphia spirit is Bryce off when we had him in Washington. That's guy plays to win. He plays hard. Yeah. And, you know, I think the world of Bryce, he's also got another pretty good LSU guy in there. And no, well, you got a, you got a, it's a national alumni club, Trey Turner and, uh, and, and, and Swarber. All right. I love, I mean, we gave them all up. We got Trey, we got Swarbs, uh, obviously harp and harp is just, they're all of them are just, they're like blue collar, tough, Philly guys. The community loves them. Um, and they're, they're great. And by the way, Noah's a hell of a pitcher and just a chill guy. I've had the chance to spend a little time with them. You keep sending those great LSU prospects up here, James. Okay. Okay. We do that. And, uh, good luck to you. Thank you so much for coming on this kind of insight. Can't get anybody else. Thank you so much, sir. And I know you're a busy man, so let's go back to work and I'll see you up there. I'm sure for it's over. We'll see you guys later.