 something really, really, really, really, really weird happened yesterday. This is Biden putting on, uh, the hat here, uh, putting on a truck. Right there. There it is. Let's go to the image. All right. We're going to run through this pretty quick. There it is. I mean, good Lord. Wow. First of all, talk about a man that just escaped the, the, the, uh, the assisted living at home. That's what, that's what it is. I bet this was not on your 2024 being a great. No. And here's the weirdest part. Okay. And here's where I believe things are going on. This is the white house's response, which is incredible. The white house says president Biden or the Trump hat for unity. The Trump hat, but here's the full video, uh, and the full context. And I like Alex Scheld's response here. Let's read it really quick. I saw this video earlier today, but it was so short. I didn't know the context. Now seeing this from a better angle, it's clear claims Biden is angry about being pushed out or true. He's tired of being a puppet of the deep state. Now, when you watch this, you'll see the interaction here and the guy who he takes the hat from ends up calling him like, I'm proud of you, you'll fart and all this other kind of stuff. Yeah. Yes, he did. So anyway, just play it. Play this clip. This is crazy. Do you remember your name? No, I'm all right. I'm all right. I'll be an old. All right. I'm a young time. No idea. There you go. Man. I need that hat. Oh, no. Your autograph. I don't know. That's why. There is. What can I have everybody? Yeah. Trump at dogs and cats, the Democrats are the cats. It's all insane. All right. Pause. Okay. So now, once you see that, I think it's clear, like secretly right now, Kamala Harris is screaming after her fifth glass of Chardonnay into a pillow right now, screaming at the top of her lungs. Joe Biden may be old and senile, but every once in a while, old and senile, people have a moment where they're like, Ooh, this will mess with someone. You look at this and the only thing can be this man either a needs to be checked into a home immediately. Or B this dude knows that the elites pushed him out and he's like, all right. Well, watch this. Good job. Trump hat 2024 right there. It's not even a MAGA hat. A MAGA hat wouldn't have been as bad as the Trump 2024. Portrait right there. There it is. That is even the bigger. Can I just say that that's like the coolest version of Joe Biden I've ever seen. He's like, hell no. I don't want your autograph. I was about to say he sounded like a regular. Like I said, that was a moment of lucidness for him. Yeah. Right there. He has it. Okay. And, and, and you hear all these rumors and, and, and I think back to when Trump, and we'll put this in the, in the post and it'll look really cool. Uh, when we post a reel on this, it puts me back to Trump saying to Kamala at the bet, at the debates and news flash, he hates her. Right. Yeah. And everybody was like, Oh, well now you see this image and you're like, Oh, maybe he does hate Kamala. Yeah. I'm not defending. Let's uh, I had this next. Let's go and just play this. Did you really have it? Yes. Yes. My readings. Okay. Play it. Here you go. Watch this. 14 million votes and they throw them out of office. And you know what? I'll give you a little secret. He hates her. He can't stand her. You see that. You see. I tell you, man, guys, I, that was so unscripted. I was late today. I had no idea that that was the next thing in there. If you believe, and I'm not coming to Joe Biden's defense at all. He's a whole human being, but if you believe that Joe Biden hates Kamala Harris comment, yes, or well, you remember like, no, we, we reported this like before the official switch, there were reports that like Kamala and him and their, their administrations were just at each other's throats. They refuse to talk to each other. Like, like, like that's, that's the thing. They refuse to talk to each other. Anyway. All right. We got to get it. It's ironic because Obama definitely hates Biden and now Biden, I think definitely hates Kamala. What is up with? I think Biden hates them all at this point. So too, I mean, remember at the DNC, he spoke first instead of speaking his ass and then he left. Hey Joe, how many times have you seen Jill Biden give a speech about Kamala? No, never. I look, go ahead Tony. I didn't mean to cut you off. No, I just said Joe left the first day of the DNC and then the Obama showed up the next day. So yeah, y'all got it. I'm out of here. Hey Joe, give me the October surprise of all October surprise. Endorsed up. Endorsed up. Oh my God. What did it actually do much though? You want to, I think it would, I think it would fundamentally, I mean, you want to talk about what would be something that would make the world burn last minute. Joe Biden be like, you know what? Uh, like, like literally on November 1st, like, like four days. Hey, you know what? I'm out of here in January anyway. Let me tell you the truth about these people. And I say go vote for Donald Trump. Why not? You know, and all this stuff, it's not going to happen, but that would be awesome.