 Blessings to you and your family. So reporter went to a recent Kamala Harris rally in Phoenix, Arizona And asked some of her supporters to name one or two of Kamala Harris Accomplishment as VP and this is just amazing today. We're trying to find out from the attendees What Kamala Harris's greatest accomplishment has been a VP? I mean, honestly, I'm not too into politics. I'm just here for the vibe Becoming the first female vice president. So becoming just becoming the VP is the best accomplishment. Absolutely. Being a good person Yeah I mean, she's she's I don't know. She seems really good for women Harris is there with the energy. She has a lot of enthusiasm. So It's important to get behind her. What is Kamala's like top accomplishment you think? I can't say anything right now Her top her top Like contributions to policy or policy as VP I wasn't in on the policy making decisions with President Biden. So I don't know Policies. Oh my gosh. See I wish they would tell us more about that because I honestly don't know. Um, Oh, I know she's done some good work with immigration even though they say opposites. What do they say? Well What is it she's the she's the Fake orders are That all these immigrants are coming over, you know to cross the border right now, which I don't think they are People have been saying that Kamala's the border or whatever that means Is there an issue at the border has Kamala done anything about it or was there not anything to do about it? So they're just kind of making things up. So I don't think there's an issue with the border at all Yeah, I feel like yes illegal immigrant immigrants are coming to America But that's what America is all about is to come to America and live that American dream Because America isn't just for the whites. It's not just for the blacks. It's not just for the Mexicans No, it's for everyone around the world. We're supposed to be a country of letting people come in and Do what they'd like. I mean, I understand that with They say the border crisis is causing all these drug issues and it's causing crime But in my opinion there's crime everywhere. You can go to New York. You can go to Canada You can go anywhere across the world and there's gonna be crime regardless. Yeah, it's a total. It's a total They're building it way out of proportion, huh? No for sure. Would you say there's a problem at the border at all? So there is a problem at the border I really would wish for her to go visit the border while she's here I don't know what's on her schedule and whatnot But I mean there's work to do and I can't I can't dismiss that, you know there's problems of you know to fix but I My personal wish would be for her to visit the border with the governor so they could see what's going on You