 I think it's kind of chaotic, but I am really excited that Kamala is running. I did get a little bit nervous when we have found out that Trump was gonna be running again, but when they had kind of did that switcheroo and had Kamala come in, it kind of gave a lot more hope for what was coming. I feel like for most of the stuff that I hear or see on as far as her ads that she's putting out, it's mostly more similar, not identical, but more similar to when Obama was running where he did not slander his opponent. He just continued to talk about what he was doing and I feel like that's what Kamala is doing for the most part because I have seen some other stuff out there, but for the most part I feel like Kamala is going on the approach of, let me just tell you what I've done and what I plan on doing versus Trump. He's on the slander. That's it. That's all he's not talking about what his plans are. He's just slandering at this point, which I don't like that and I really wish that it would be more about what is, what are your plans as a president versus what are you just want to trash talk the next person because we can always say something bad about somebody. I feel good about it. I hope that it's gonna become a line whilst, so I'm not voting for the bully. Oh you see the message that she's for the people, which is the middle class, which I am middle class and the laws about women's rights. I like that also. I'm feeling good with her. I think she's she's running good. I think she's it's gonna be a hopefully not a tie, but I think it's gonna be close race. Yes. Kind of everybody just kind of say what you want to hear, so to me it's just really hard because it's what they really do when they're elected. I'm glad it is a female. You know, I hope this time we have better luck as far as the other candidate. In the past he has done real good stuff. I don't like how he talks about women and that's the only reason why probably I would not vote for him. I think she's doing really well and she seems to have a lot of momentum and I donated to the campaign and it sounds like she's doing really good with her fundraising, so yeah things look good. On the Republican side it's a little more negative. It's a more making it more personal and just like the attacks seem to be a negative thing. I don't think that's a good course for them. I think Kamala Harris and her VP pick are much more hopeful and positive for everybody, so I'm looking forward to November. I think there's a lot of work to be done. I wouldn't take anything for granted, but I'm feeling optimistic. Better than I have in a while. It was a little depressing for a while there, but I'm getting very excited now. I don't know, I'm hopeful. It just feels very positive, which is I mean just obviously completely the opposite of Trump's campaign, just in general. It's so negative. It's nice to hear such a positive hopeful message. It's nerve-wracking. I mean it's scary to think about at this point, but I'm feeling more hopeful than I have in a long time, so it's really exciting. Oh my gosh, I'm so excited. This is amazing. Both of them are fantastic I'm excited for Kamala. She's gonna be amazing as our president and our vice president. Mr. Wallace is gonna be fantastic too, so we're just over the moon. The Trump doesn't have a message. All he does is talk about himself. The Harris actually wants to do something for a country, and I'm excited about them wanting to do something for the people of this country. Whereas the other people, they get nothing done. They sit and they just want or Trump just talks about himself. I'd rather listen to someone that's actually going to do something for this country. Oh absolutely, Harris side's more positive. We're not derogatory. We don't put people down. You know you can agree to gristigry both sides. Agree to disagree, shake hands, and just be nice either way. There's no reason for hate. Absolutely, absolutely. She can take the state. Biden took the state, so Harris absolutely can take the state too.