 now also rain a press the auto continues our team coverage here in Douglas where she spoke to people about what they had to say about the V. P. S. Visit. She joins us now with more rain. What can you tell us? Yeah, Heidi. So this visit comes amid major criticism for her action at the border or what critics would call non action working under President Joe Biden and today's visit happening in Douglas is her first visit to the Arizona border and I wanted to talk to people living here in Douglas asking them what they think makes Douglas a good pick for her visit. Now the Douglas port of entry is part of the Tucson sector, which throughout the southern Arizona border, not including Guma, had the highest number of migrant encounters for the 2024 fiscal year. Now, not all of those encounters came from Douglas, but I did want to ask people living along the border here what they see day to day. Here's two lifelong residents who we spoke to earlier today at the Cochise County Fair with one saying they don't see much going on in another remembering being offered money to bring people across the border in high school. It's a small town. There's not a lot of jobs here and they show you the money and your eyes open, you know, like firsthand. I came to school here and I saw that I was offered that I didn't take it, but my friends sure did. And when they show you the money right outside the school, then you want to take it, you know, and it's just that there needs to be more enforcement at the schools, especially after school. You know, I live pretty close to the border and you know, you'll see border patrols. I'm sure the border patrols no more. Um, but from what as a person in town, I don't see any activity where I would be like scared to walk the streets. Now, Vice President Kamala Harris's visit to the border did start by meeting with border patrol agents before heading to that private event at Cochise College. And we also know that she was and she was expected to talk about border security during that event. We'll hear more from that later. But as we know, Arizona is a swing state and with immigration and the border at the top of mind for voters, we'll see how this visit impacts the race to presidency reporting from the border in Douglas. Raina Pressiato Kagan nine. All right, Raina. Thank you very much before she made her way to Cochise County Air Force to brought Vice President Kamala Harris to the south side a little after one o'clock this afternoon, she came in to to.