 Training out of politics, both presidential candidates are on the move in the final stretch before election day and that includes multiple stops again here in Arizona for both campaigns. 12 News journalist Gabriela Baquera joins me in studio with a look ahead at this last run to the finish line here, Gabi. Well Troy, we know swing states are going to play a vital role in deciding this election and those states, including Arizona, are where both campaigns will be spending a lot of time in this next week. Former president Donald Trump and vice president Kamala Harris are kicking off the final week of campaigning with rallies on the east coast. Trump speaking at Madison Square Garden in New York City. We have nine days from now and we're going to defeat Kamala Harris and we're going to win back the beautiful White House and we're going to make America great again and it's going to happen fast. And Harris in Philadelphia. There is too much on the line and we must not wake up the day after the election and have any regrets about what we could have done in these next nine days. Trump and Harris are neck and neck in the polls heading into this last week. The last stretch here is critical for both campaigns. All the polls suggest that this is going to be a really close race. Ulrich Jensen, an associate professor at ASU, says swaying undecided voters will be a top priority for both campaigns. I think you're going to see the campaigns doubling down on the core issues, which for both are the things that are at the top of mind of the American people. The economy and immigration, I think, is going to be the two top issues here. A lot of that will take place in the battleground states where both campaigns plan to spend much of the remaining nine days. A big part of it for them is just being visible, right? They're going to want to have their faces out there. They're going to be visible. They want to be visible and close to the voters in the states that are ultimately going to be decisive for who's going to win. That includes Arizona. Both Trump and Harris are scheduled to visit on Halloween. Trump and Glendale at an event with Tucker Carlson and Harris at a rally in Phoenix with musical guest Los Tigres Del Norte. They're trying to sway what they think they have some sort of an in or competitive advantage. But whether that truly exists and to what extent they can harness that, I think it's hard to say. In a week, it's not a long time. Family members from both campaigns are also expected to stop in Arizona this week. Laura Trump will speak at a Team Trump Women's Tour event in Phoenix on Monday and Gwen Waltz will be in Phoenix on Tuesday for a Harris Get Out the Vote event. Troy? Yeah, it seems like over the past few weeks it's been like either a candidate or a surrogate or somebody almost every single day here in the Valley, right? Yeah, every single day. Gabby, thank you. Here in Arizona, the last day to mail back your ballot, this is very important, is Tuesday and that's the 29th. So you have two days left to get this in your mailbox. After that, you cannot mail your mail-in ballot. You have to walk it into a drop box or a polling place. If you'd like to vote early, in-person polling places are open right now through November 1st and of course, Election Day is a week from Tuesday, November 5th.