 Thank you, thank you very much. Thank you. Well, thank you very much. And it very being held over in Arizona, if Kamala gets four more years, the entire country will be turned into a migrant camp. And that's what's happening. Tens and millions of people. When I win on November 5th, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. Thank you. We're also joined very proudly today by a large delegation of our nation's frontline border agents. These are incredible people. So let's show our appreciation for their unbelievable service to our country. So in order to meet the goal of hiring 10,000 new agents, we need the agents, we need them badly. Keeping our incredible veteran agents on the force. Don't leave us. But after I win, I will be asking Congress immediately to approve a 10% raise. Haven't had one in a long time for all agents and a $10,000 each retention and signing bonus. So we're going to we're going to retain them. We're going to retain them. We have a tremendous morale crisis because of her policies. They're just incredible people. This will ensure that we can hire and keep the border patrol agents that we need to keep. And we can also bring in a lot of new ones, really great ones. And we're going to be very, we're going to have our choice. I think we're going to have a choice. It's going to be a homeless spirit. This is a group that really needs spirit because they're protecting us, they're protecting our lives, they're protecting our country. For all of the working people struggling under Kamala's inflation nightmare, we will have large tax cuts for workers. We're going to have beautiful additional tax cuts, including no tax on tips, no tax on tax on overtime and no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors. And you deserve it. Thank you, Arizona. Thank you. God bless you all. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you.