 As election day approaches, polls are still showing about as tight of a race as it can get. TBS News Director of Elections and Surveys Anthony Salvanto back with us here, joining us now with some findings from a new, hot off the presses CBS News poll. Anthony, it is always a pleasure. You always have something interesting to share with us, especially with Election Day now. Just a little over a week away. Thank you for being here with us. Indeed. Well, you know, you said tight, close. We're sort of running out of words to describe this. Hasn't moved a whole lot over the last few weeks and months. But look, it's plus one nationally, Harrison, our latest poll. It is exactly even across the battlegrounds. Remind everyone this is an electoral college contest and those closest states are all even. Folks by now might know him by heart, right? Get your Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, North Carolina, all of that in our estimates within the margin of error. Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin. I've been saying this for a while. It looks increasingly the case. This comes down to turn out to who decides to vote to who decides not to vote. That's what's going to swing this. Almost no one is undecided at this point. That's what's going to swing this race. Now, Anthony, speaking of who votes and who doesn't vote, let's look at that gender gap, right? We've had both candidates really lean in in terms of getting the male vote, the female vote, the different issues. How does the gender gap shape the race and views of the candidates? So this gender gap where you see more women voting for Harris, we see more men voting for Trump. It's the highest gender gap we've seen yet in our polling this year tied for that. It's approaching historic levels that we saw in 2016. And, Courtney, let me show you one reason I think is driving this, and that's the campaigns themselves, at least in the minds of voters. Because when we ask men, what do you think the campaigns are paying attention to, most of them say that the Harris campaign isn't paying enough attention, too little, to the concerns of men. But then you talk to women, and a majority of them, I'll show you here, feel that the Trump campaign is paying too little attention to the concerns of women. That's one thing, Courtney, but it also plays out in some of the perceptions of the candidates. Take a look at this. Who would be a strong leader? More men say that of Donald Trump than women do. But take a look at this. Who has the mental and cognitive health to serve as president? The thing we've been tracking throughout the campaign, you get a big gap between women and men. More women, now saying it's only Kamala Harris that has the mental and cognitive health to serve. So that's how the gender gap and those breaks come out in perceptions of the candidates as well, Courtney. Anthony, thank you for that breakdown. I know I just want to hop back into a little conversation about the battleground states here. We've been hearing a lot about those over this election cycle. New Hampshire, also up there in terms of potentially making that impact, it was pretty close in the last presidential election. Can you show us how you will be watching the New Hampshire area on election night as those results come in? Absolutely. Right in your backyard there, the extended suburbs of Boston, right, around Nashua, even as far as Manchester now. I'm going to show you historically the map and you're going to see a lot of blue on it, right? But it's kind of marginally blue. So what we're going to be watching for is, do these patterns repeat themselves? Certainly Kamala Harris is going to want to match Joe Biden's numbers in those suburbs and areas around Manchester and Nashua, like I mentioned, even as far then towards the western part of the state. For a Republican to do well, they're going to need to swing these places, not necessarily all the way, but just kind of keep them close in that area, right? Because you see, let me give you this example here, in the Manchester area, the Nashua area, you see in this case a very close contest between Biden and Trump. So if we see just a little bit of a shift there this year between Trump and Harris, that might mean that the race would be a little bit closer. If we see by contrast Harris building on those margins, then we see that maybe she's got the better chance to win. So that's how you break down New Hampshire in part. On election night, we will show you that as each town reports its votes. And so you see the whole pattern all the way through, Courtney. CBS News Director of Elections and Surveys Anthony Salvanto, thank you very much for joining us.