 Well almost 44 million Americans have already cast their vote. How are they voting? Well trends appear to be emerging, at least in Arizona they are anyway. We would bring up these figures now almost 1.3 million Arizonans have already cast their vote and there's the trend there. Registered Democrats, half a million. Registered Republicans, more than half a million. To break this down now I'm joined by Jim Ninsall who's the political reporter for the Tucson Senate. Senator Jim, thanks for your time this morning. Absolutely. How do you read into that early voting but mostly by registered Republicans? Well you also have a lot of registered independents and we don't know which way they're going. They're turning out at a lower level percentage-wise than the Democrats and the Republicans but it's neck and neck in Arizona. We're looking at those polls and it is 49-49 and within the margin of error so we just don't know which way it's going to go. So Arizona it used to be a fairly reliable Republican state. It's only gone to the Democrats twice since the 1970s. You might be helping out. In the 1940s. So what's allowed the Democrats in? Well I think at this point there is a lot of crossover vote among disaffected Republicans who just don't like the message that Donald Trump is sending. He's gone after one of our favorite sons John McCain on any number of occasions. So that's still a factor even though John McCain's past. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think there's a lot of people who care deeply about John McCain who thought he was a very good senator for the state of Arizona and they don't like the attitude that Donald Trump has about him. Okay let's break down a couple of issues. What are the issues that will basically decide it for Arizona? I think the Democratic side abortion remains a really important issue. We do have an abortion question on the ballot for the voters to decide and so that's going to bring out a lot of D's who care deeply about that issue. On the other side of the issue there's a question about immigration on the ballot and immigration is something that is definitely lighting up the supporters of Donald Trump. So you've got two different things going on. So okay so on the topic of abortion it's to push out the age isn't it? The age, the time from 15 weeks out to 24. Will that be successful? There's nothing it's probably going to pass. There's no specific weeks in there. It's about viability. Yeah. So that if medical viability is around 24 weeks. Exactly. So they wanted to avoid that particular thing and say viability. So yeah that will I it probably has a very good strong chance. Okay and but the top issue integration the illegal is crossing the border. There's a law in that basically making it a crime if you cross in an area that isn't an official port. Making it a state crime and you could then be arrested by a state law officer as opposed to the federal law officers who are traditionally in charge. So I would have thought that that would have already been in play here. Well it's it's they there was an attempt at that years ago and it got basically dismantled by the Supreme Court because it's a federal issue that the state's not supposed to be engaged in the enforcement of. Yeah and that's some of the criticism isn't it too from at least local enforcement is that well there aren't enough police there aren't enough state resources to be able to deal with that influx. Yeah there's got to be a federal problem. Yeah they've got a lot on their plates already and they don't need that additional responsibility of arresting somebody and then you know there is really no no existing legal way to deport somebody via the state. It has to be done by the federal government so it's a mess. Let's just close on on the issue who is going to be the next president. How's how's that race shaking down here in a state like Arizona. We are not going to know until days after the election because it takes a certain amount of time to check what are called early ballots. This is in Arizona. In Arizona you have to check a signature on them so they're gonna be counting ballots for a week after the election so it's we're not gonna know but I do know that both teams have brought an amazing number of surrogates to the town. The vice president's been here, that Tim Waltz has been here, Donald Trump has been here, JD Vance has been here, Obama has been here. We have never seen this kind of attention on Arizona before and that builds enthusiasm among your volunteers. So why do you think that is? It could well come down to this? It could well come down to all these folks coming out here and urging people to get out and vote and to volunteer and driving that ground game and the turnout game. You got a thought on who you think makes it in the end? I don't. You don't? I think you can flip a coin at this point. Jim, appreciate your time. Thanks for your insights this morning. Thank you so much for joining us.