 Kamala Harris and Donald Trump are neck and neck in the critical border state of Arizona. Harris is heading there today, again. A pair of recent polls show the two candidates polling within the margin of error, but each poll shows a slightly different outcome. A new Emerson College polling Real Clear World Survey reveals Trump topping Harris by 3 percentage amounts, with 50 percent to 47 among likely voters. A second survey led by the television station Arizona's Family and the Arizona public affairs firm High Ground found Harris in the lead, with 48 percent of support among likely voters in the state, compared to Trump's 46 percent. According the Latino vote has been key in Arizona, where one in four voters there identify as Latino. Democrats have traditionally counted on this voting block, but if we can take anything away from recent polling, it's that Harris has work to do to win over more Latinos, specifically male Latinos. According to a recent USA Today Suffolk University survey, the GOP nominee is leading among male Latino voters ages 18 to 34, with 51 percent compared to Harris's 33 percent. Now among 35 to 49 year olds, Trump is polling 57 percent compared to Harris's 37 percent. Harris also in Arizona a critical Senate race between the GOP nominee, Kerry Lake and Ruben Gallego. Here to break this all down is Cameron Stevenson, the founding editor and chief political correspondent at the Cooper Courier. He is based in Phoenix. Welcome to Rising. Hey, yeah, thanks for having me. Yes, good to have you on. Arizona is of course one of the critical swing states, also a state with a kind of independent and maverick sensibility among the voters. Arizona has sent John McCain and Kyrsten Sinema to the Senate. What are you looking out for this election cycle? Yeah, no, Arizona is known for picking their own kind of people. Our voters here are very much interested in who the candidate is, what they stand for, and how they're going to deliver for Arizona. And so we're seeing that in two very interesting ways with the Senate race and the presidential race. The polling is very different. Ruben Gallego has a barely comfortable lead on Kerry Lake, the Republican candidate, if you're to take the polling into account. Whereas as you just talked about, the polling between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris is fairly neck and neck. And a lot of that has to do with, one, Trump has a strong history here. Although he lost in 2020, he has had a strong and confident base that has maintained through the years. Whereas Kerry Lake has made some major missteps in her campaign, both as running for Senate and while she was running for governor in 2022, that has kind of burned a lot of that goodwill that you would think would go her way and immediately cause people to vote for Trump and Lake. Whereas what we're seeing is there's a definite split there where people are kind of tired of what she is doing, the way that she's campaigning, and they're very much warming up to Ruben Gallego, who before this was a somewhat smaller, lesser known member of the House of Representatives. I just want to jump in there, Cameron, because it is interesting, the disconnect that you mentioned between the presidential race and the Senate race. And I guess we're accustomed to the idea of the top of the ticket perhaps affecting the races lower down the ticket. But certainly there was some reporting, and I heard sort of whisperings within the Trump camp that at one point they were worried about Kerry Lake, who is very controversial, kind of dragging his chances down in Arizona. But it doesn't seem like, from what you say, that's really a plausible scenario at this point? I would be surprised, and only because Donald Trump as a figure is, he's his own person. He is very much an independent entity. He came into the Republican Party and took it over, reshaped it in his image. And anything under that, I have a hard time seeing that leading to a drop in support for him. Similar to North Carolina, as far as I know, what's going on with the gubernatorial race is not affecting Donald Trump. Whereas Kerry Lake, when she ran for governor, it was a close race, but then she spent the next several years litigating that race. She's actually still in court battles trying to unseat the current governor and have her seated as governor. And that's, I mean, that's very off-putting to people for a lot of reasons. One, there's a lot of respect for people who lose and take their licks and move on, whereas she is still fighting for that seat while she's running for the United States Senate. Immigration border security is one of the biggest elections, biggest issues, if not the biggest issue in this election. Nationally, Arizona is of course a very key border state. How are the candidates addressing that issue? How is their messaging resonating? And in an election cycle where Republicans have a decisive advantage, according to polling, on this issue, what is Ruben Gallego doing specifically that is so successful to keep, to be ahead of Kerry Lake, even though this is the most important issue and polls show favorable conditions for Republicans on it? Yeah, I think Ruben Gallego actually has a lot going for him in that respect. One, he has been a public servant for years and years before he was in the House of Representatives. He was in the state legislature. Before that, he was in the military, served in Afghanistan, and saw horrific losses of his battalion. So he knows how the mechanisms of government work. He is able to talk about his record, about how he's voted in the House. He voted to support this bipartisan border bill that Donald Trump opposed, Kerry Lake opposed. When he visits and talks to people and goes to the border, it feels more authentic to people more than just a photo op, because he has those experiences and because he has that background to fall back on. He also has the benefit of being able to speak directly to voters who are concerned about immigration, both citizens and immigrants. He is a fluent Spanish speaker. He is able to talk to people at their doors about these issues, talk to people who may be afraid of immigration in a way that humanizes what is actually going on at the border, which is more of a humanitarian crisis than anything. I think a lot of the rhetoric that Kerry Lake espouses also kind of jumps the shark. You can say millions of people are crossing the border and coming into Arizona only so many times before you look around and there's no evidence of that. People are coming into the United States, of course, but not in the numbers that they're saying, not in this sheer almost absurd magnitude that they're trying to portray. Cameron, just on a separate topic, the issue of election legitimacy and false claims that can get put back and forth about elections being fraudulent and all of that, to the best of my knowledge, and please correct me if I'm wrong, Kerry Lake has never accepted her defeat in the gubernatorial election in 2022. And obviously Arizona in the presidential election in 2020 was decided by a very, very narrow margin. Do we see people stoking suspicion or doubt about the legitimacy of the forthcoming election? Is that a concern? What's your read on that? Yeah. Unfortunately, there is a segment of the population of voters who are suspicious and skeptical of our election systems because so many lies and mistruths have been disseminated by people like Kerry Lake and especially Donald Trump with the big lie in his 2020 election. So there is a segment of people who will believe that no matter what. But I think a larger portion of voters see our election systems as safe and secure. They see this really interesting thing in Arizona where the people who run our elections, several times they have lost their election, which doesn't make sense if you're trying to rig an election, the person you're probably going to look out for is your own. And so people see things like that. They see the process playing out as it should. And then they see these court battles where if there is illegitimacy in elections, that's where it gets hashed out. That's where we can figure out if something is going on, if there's something wrong. And the courts in every instance have found that our elections are free and fair in the handful of times where there has been any fraudulent activity. And by handful, I mean, this would affect less than 100 votes. Those people have been found, they've been prosecuted, and they have been held to account according to the law. So there is going to be unrest. And that's just the nature of Arizona elections at this point, because there is that base of people who are so skeptical. And because of the way that we conduct elections, it takes time for us to count all of our votes and get all of those results. In that time, people are able to kind of sow that confusion. But by and large, people are pretty confident. Cameron, thanks so much for joining us. Yeah, thanks for having me.