 Welcome back to Conservative American Predictions. Today we're going to be talking about how the state of Arizona is going to be voting in the 2024 presidential election and their 2024 Senate race. So on the presidential level, I think it's going to be probably the closest state followed closely by Pennsylvania and then probably Michigan, Nevada, and Wisconsin. But again, Arizona will be the closest. Doesn't mean it's the most important, but it is going to be the closest. And right now I do have it tilting towards Donald Trump very, very narrowly, but again, a win for him. So this is 538 forecast right now. As you can see, Donald Trump is favored 54 out of 100 times on the national level. But then when you go down to Arizona, he is still favored by a pretty decent margin, actually even more than on the national level, 65 out of 100 times, which I think is a pretty large overestimation of him. However, a lot of polls have definitely shown him doing well in the state. And as you can see, that is about a 2, a little bit over a 2% margin for the former president out of the state. So definitely a margin that I think is an overestimation of him, as are the western Rust Belt states. I think that, or I'm sorry, the western Sun Belt states, I think he is being overestimated in. But now we're going to get to my county map and my actual prediction. So as you can see here, this is how I have the state going. It's about a 4,500 vote win for Donald Trump, about a 0.13% win. As you can see, this is the shift map. Virtually every county shifts to the right, except for Maricopa, which is the largest county in the state population-wise. As you can see, close to, or basically 2 million votes were cast here in 2020, and they're on track to be doing pretty well there again this year. However, overall in the state, Republicans are doing very, very well in the early vote returns. So I think this does give Republicans an advantage, and with the border issue being a huge advantage for Trump, I expect him to do very well in the southern part of the state, as you can see improving in places like Cochise, Santa Cruz, and Pima County, as well as improving in Yuma County and Pinal County, which he actually did improve in Yuma County in 2020 from 2016, which is interesting. But again, this is the marginal map. So pretty good news for Donald Trump. This is the marginal map, I'm sorry, I have the Senate map pulled up right now. This is the marginal map from 2020 out of Arizona. As you can see, pretty similar. However, you see again a leftward shift in Maricopa, a rightward shift in Yuma most notably, and then increases in other areas too. Also, Navajo increases on the Republican side as well. So overall, same marginal map. But then we get to the real kind of, not really interesting, but just the kind of the weird race. This is the Arizona Senate race. And aside from the Arizona Senate race, if you just ignore that for a bit, I already have Republicans sitting at 52 seats and Democrats at 48, or 47, not including Arizona. But Arizona, I do have going likely Democrats, so that puts them at 48 seats. Now, this is technically a flip because Kyrsten Sinema is an independent, independent, caucusing Democrat. So or a Democrat caucusing independent, my apologies. But she is retiring, so it technically will be a flip if Gallego wins, which I expect him to. And this is the map that I have right now, about a 6.8% win for Ruben Gallego. And if you don't know much about the Arizona Senate race this year, you might be a little surprised to see such a high margin. However, Kerry Lake is running an abysmal campaign. She's an abysmal candidate and is expected to do horribly. Even polls that have Trump up by nice margins at the state, you know, 34%, they have Ruben Gallego up by double digits. Like it's, Kerry Lake is just doing a horrible job. Not only is she doing bad appealing to, you know, just basically every demographic in the state, for example, she's doing horrible in suburban areas. She's doing horrible in Pinal County, horrible in Maricopa. She's going to lose it by almost nine points, in my opinion. She's doing horrible in heavy, heavily Native American areas. She's doing bad in even the rural counties. Not only can she not manage to get out the kind of moderate Republican vote who she tried to pander to this year, she can't even get out a lot of her base because they aren't, you know, buying into the her stuff anymore. They don't like her as much as they did in 2022. So she has some huge problems and it's really, nothing is going her way. She's only led, I think, one or two polls this entire cycle. And if you go to the actual 538 forecast for the seat, it's a pretty large margin for Gallego. As you can see, he's favored 88% of the time and that translates into about a 6.4% margin. So I do have this being a bit of a Democratic, larger win than 538 does, but overall pretty close to my margin. So of course, Arizona, another state that will be split ticketing this year, in my opinion, as Trump is winning the state by about 0.1. Gallego wins by about 6.8. So that's about a seven point split ticket, which is pretty interesting. And again, Gallego, he is, he's actually running a pretty good campaign, surprisingly. I wasn't expecting that. He's a, he was a pretty progressive congressman and he's kind of turned away from that record a little bit while he still touts the progressive, the popular progressive agenda. While he kind of turns away from other things, he supports a kind of bipartisan, somewhat common sense border plan. And that's going to limit Kerry Lake's losses or I should say it's going to kind of prevent a minimized loss in the border counties because yes, let's just say Ruben Gallego was weak on the border. Then these border counties would maybe even shift a little right. However, he's not the most weak Democrat on border, at least when it comes down to where he says he stands, maybe not on vote wise, but Kerry Lake just is not really effectively marketing that. So that's why she still is losing pretty heavily in these areas. So overall, a 6.8 3% win for Ruben Gallego. Now I just do want to fill this out real quick. What would the Senate map look like if Republicans were to win Arizona? Well, it would be a pretty big red wave. If Republicans win Arizona, they're probably going to win Nevada. That would be a lean margin. Montana would be safe. Nebraska would probably be safe. Texas would be safe. Florida would be safe. Ohio would be likely. You would have Wisconsin probably at a likely margin. Michigan lean to likely. Pennsylvania lean to likely. States like Virginia almost. Well, not almost, but getting there. New Mexico getting there. It would just be a huge red wave. And this is extremely unlikely as Arizona. It is a state that again, I expect to go to Geigo by almost seven points. So the chances of this happening are very, very unlikely. However, it would still be an interesting scenario, but again, very unlikely. So this is how I see the Arizona elections going this year. Again, it likely win for the Democrats in the Senate level and they tilt Republican win on the presidential level. So I hope you enjoy this video. Comment down below what your 2024 Arizona predictions are and I'll see you guys next time.