 But we could only do that because Arizonans made their voices heard. We did it because of 20,000 votes in 2018 and just 10,000 votes in 2020. And then two years ago, I asked Arizonans to put sanity over chaos yet again, and we did. I defeated Trump's chief chaos agent and was elected governor by just 17,000 votes. And because of those votes, we repealed the 1864 total abortion ban. We canceled $2 billion of medical debt for a million Arizonans. We've created more than 110,000 good paying jobs. And we put more money back in the pockets of middle class families, not billionaires. But without those 17,000 votes, Arizonans right now would be living under a Civil War era abortion ban. Without those 17,000 votes, our very democracy would be threatened with Trump's chief election denier in charge. But the fight for our democracy didn't end in 2022. It's ongoing right here and right now. But again, the nation's eyes will be on Arizona. It is us who will decide if Donald Trump or Kamala Harris will be the next president. It is us who will decide if abortion bans continue to restrict our fundamental freedoms. And if indicted, fake electors and insurrectionists will continue to control the agenda at the Capitol. And this November, the choice couldn't be more clear. It's time to put an end to Trump's darkness. It's time to move beyond the division and beyond the bullying and chart a new way forward with Vice President Harris and Governor Walz. We know that they will lift people up, not push us down. They are committed to lowering costs, protecting our rights, and ensuring that we all have an opportunity not just to get by, but to get ahead. So Arizona, once again, we need to get out the vote. And not just the people here now, because I know that you all are going to vote or you already have. And I know that you're all talking to your family and your friends and your neighbors about voting. But I need you to go to your campaign office. I need you to knock doors and make phone calls and do everything you can to elect Democrats up and down the ballot. And when you think you can't knock another door, I want you to remember this. Seventeen thousand votes. And grab another walk packet, sign up for one more phone-baking shift, and fight, fight, fight to bring this race home. Because every single door that we knock, every single phone call that we make, and every single voter that we talk to will matter. And if you all do this for the next five days, we will restore our democracy. We will protect the right to abortion in our state's constitution. And we will flip Arizona's legislature for the first time in more than half a century. And we will banish the chaos once and for all. Let's go win this thing. Please welcome former Congresswoman Gabby Giffords and U.S. Senator Mark Kelly. We will consider it as a In the maze of imagination, the love is done Even if that doesn't ring true, you've been all over Hello, South Phoenix! Hello, South Phoenix! That was Gabby's favorite song, by the way. Thank you. Thank you everybody. It is really awesome to be back just five days before such a critical election. Now, Gabby and I played rock, paper, scissors to see who would go first. Guess who won? Gabby Giffords, everybody. Hello fellow Americans! I'm Gabby Giffords. I was born in the great states of Arizona! I was born with grit. I grew up racing motorcycles, mucking stalls, and exploring the beautiful desert. I fell for an astronaut. For five years, I served in Congress from a swing district. Everybody called me a rising star. Then on January 8th, 2011, she tried to assess me. She shot 19 people. He killed six. Terrible, terrible day. I almost died, but I fought my life and I survived! I learned to walk again one step at a time. I learned to talk again one word at a time. So many people helped me as I worked hard to recover, including decent men from Delaware who always checked in on me. He still does! Thank you, Joe Biden. Thank you for everything. Joe is a great president. My friend Kamala will be a great, great, great president! She is tough. She has grit. Kamala stood up to Wall Street and the DeGroote Company. She will protect abortion access. She will defend our freedom. She will save lives. Join me in voting for Kamala Harris! Thank you! Thank you, everybody. So folks, Gabby and I don't have to tell you the stark choice we face in this election. Donald Trump wants a national abortion ban. Kamala Harris will restore those freedoms and protect Roe v. Wade. Donald Trump wants another tax giveaway for billionaires. And he wants to implement a bunch of ridiculous tariffs that will jack up costs for Arizona families by $4,000 a year. And just last week, he said he will torpedo our semiconductor industry here in our state, costing – that will cost Arizona tens of thousands of good-paying jobs. Kamala Harris is going to lower housing costs. She's going to lower the cost of prescription drugs. And she is going to cut taxes for the middle class. Not for Donald Trump's billionaire friends. Donald Trump has never served anyone except for Donald Trump. Kamala Harris has been a prosecutor, attorney general, a senator, and now vice president. And now she is ready to be a president for all of America. And as Gabby has just said, Kamala Harris is going to make a great president. So folks, how do we make sure that Kamala Harris and Tim Walz are in the White House and Ruben Gallego is in the Senate? Folks, this is not rocket science. If it was, I could help. But it ain't. This is just all about who works harder. We are five days out from such a critical election. So what's the first order of business? It is to vote and to vote early. So I want folks to head to iwillvote.com to find voting locations and make a plan to vote. Number two, this is the second thing that Gabby and I need all of you to do. We want you not to leave here unless you sign up for a volunteer shift. So for everybody here in person, if you're here in person, find a volunteer and sign up. Please do that. And for those of you who are watching from home, I want you to head to go.kamalaharris.com. I'm going to say that again. Go.kamalaharris.com to get involved. There's nothing more important that you can do today. The football game's on later tonight. We need you to do this today. This community right here in South Phoenix, this community has the power to decide who the next president of the United States is. That is a huge deal, folks. It is a really big deal. You could decide who the next president is. And if we work harder, over the next five days, we're going to turn the page and move this country forward. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Even if that doesn't make sure. You've been all over. And it's been all over you. It's a beautiful day. So let it get away. It's a beautiful day. Over the love of riding, smooth sailing, these kind of sweet seas. Now it's... Coming out of my cage and I've been doing just fine. Gotta, gotta be down because I want it all. Started out with a kiss, added it in a plank dance. It was only a kiss, it was only a kiss. Now I'm falling asleep and she's calling a cab. While he's having a smoke and she's taking a drag. Now they're going to bed and my stomach is sick. And it's all in my head but she's touching his chest. Now he takes off her dress. Now let me go. I just can't walk, it's killing me. And taking control. Chelsea, it's just the price I think destiny is calling me. Open up my eager heart eyes, Cause I miss the bright side I'm coming out of my cage and I've been doing just fine Gotta, gotta be down because I want it all It started out with a kiss, how did it end up like this? It was only a kiss It was only a kiss, now I'm falling asleep And she's calling a cab while he's having a smoke And she's taking a drag, now they're going to bed And my stomach is sick and it's all in my head But she's touching his chest Now he takes off her dress Now let me go Cause I just cannot, it's killing me And taking control Just in 30 seconds in the sea I'm turning this signal otherwise, turning on your elbow But it's just a prize I pay Destiny is calling me Open up my inner eyes Cause I miss the bright side I never I never I never I never Got a baby girl sleeping in my bedroom And her mom laughing in my arms There's a sound of rain on the rooftop And the game's about to start I don't really know what I got here But I'm so glad that I did And it's crazy to think that one little thing could have changed all of this Maybe it didn't turn out like I planned Maybe that's why I'm such, such a lucky man For every stoplight I didn't make Every chance I did or I didn't take All the nights I went to fall All the girls that broke my heart All the doors that I had to close All the things I knew but I didn't know Thank God for all I've missed Cause it led me here to this... Like the girl that I loved in high school Who said she could do better On the college I wanted to go to Till I got that letter All the fights and the tears and the heartache I thought I'd never get through At the moment I almost gave up All led me here to you I didn't understand it way back way But soon we're here right now It all makes perfect sense Every stoplight I didn't make Every chance I did or I didn't take All the nights I went to fall All the girls that broke my heart All the doors that I had to close All the things I knew but I didn't know Thank God for all I've missed Cause it led me here to this... I cried when my mama passed away But now I got an angel looking out for me today So nothing's a mistake Every stoplight I didn't make Every chance I did or I didn't take All the nights I went to fall All the girls that broke my heart All the doors that I had to close Everything I knew but I didn't know Thank God for all I've missed Cause it led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this......... I just want to be free... I just want to be free... I just want to be free... I just want to be free..... I've got sunshine on a cloudy day When it's cold outside I've got a little bit of pain I guess you said What can make me feel this way My girl, my girl Talking loud, my girl I've got so much fun I've got a sweetest song That leverage energy Well, I guess you said What can make me feel this way My girl, my girl Talking loud, my girl Ooh, ooh......... Ooh, ooh I don't need no money What to offer you I've got all the riches baby One man can pray Well, I guess you said What can make me feel this way My girl, my girl Talking loud, my girl My girl, my girl I've got sunshine on a cloudy day When it's cold outside I've even got the amount of pain........... I'm alone Do I have to wait for your honey Before a girl like me can move on Ooh baby tell me how I move on Do I have to wait for your honey Before I can say that you're gone Every hour it seems like a day And every day is like a year And every week is an eternity Well, I get lonely baby when you're not here Ooh baby tell me how I move on Do I have to wait for your honey Before a girl like me can move on Ooh baby tell me how I move on Do I have to wait for your honey Before I can say that you're gone Won't you let me know, dang I'm in a cold cold state, baby You said you love me so But I just don't know how long I can wait I'm alone Do I have to wait for your honey Before I can say that you're gone Do I have to wait for your honey Before I can say that you're gone Do I have to wait for your honey Before I can say that you're gone I ask your mama, I ask your papa Your friend, your preacher and your boss No one knows where you're going to, baby Or if you're coming back to me When you're lost, ooh baby tell me how I move on Do I have to wait for your honey Before a girl like me can move on Ooh baby tell me how I move on Do I have to wait for your honey Before I can say that you're gone Won't you let me know, dang I'm in a cold cold state, baby You said you love me so But I just don't know how long I can wait Do I have to wait for your honey Before a girl like me can move on Do I have to wait for your honey Before I can say that you're gone I'm alone Do I have to wait for your honey Before a girl like me can move on Do I have to wait for your honey Before I can say that you're gone Ooh baby tell me how I move on Do I have to wait for your honey Ain't no snow in the snow, we're on the move Ain't no snow in the snow, we're on the move Ain't no snow in the snow, we're on the move There's been so many things that's held us down But now it looks like things are finally coming around I know we've got a long, long way to go And where we'll end up, I don't know But you won't let nothing hold us back We're putting ourselves together, we're polishing up our act now If you've not been held down before I know you refuse to be held down anymore Don't you let nothing hold us back Stand in your way I won't jump to listen, listen To every word I say, every word I say Ain't no snow in the snow, we're on the move Ain't no snow in the snow, we've got the zoo Ain't no snow in the snow, we're on the move I know, I don't know Ain't no snow in the snow, we've got the zoo We got a leg, ooh, ooh, ooh I know you know someone that has a negative eye And if you're trying to make it the only push you aside They really don't have nowhere to go Ask them where they're going, they ain't talking at all But we won't let nothing hold us back We're gonna put ourselves together, we're gonna polish up our act now If you've never been held down before I know you refuse to be held down anymore Don't you let nothing, nothing Stand in your way I won't jump to listen, listen To every word I say, every word I say Ain't no snow in the snow, we're on the move We're moving, we're moving Ain't no snow in the snow, we're moving We're moving, moving, moving, moving Ain't no snow in the snow, we're on the move I know you love me Ain't no snow in the snow, we're moving We're moving, moving, moving, moving Ain't no snow in the snow, we're moving I'm on the move, I'm on the move I really, really got you Ain't no snow in the snow, we're moving Ain't no snow in the snow Ain't no snow in the snow No need to try, yeah, no Cause I ain't buyin' Ain't no snow in the snow Don't try to stop, no, no, no Got the groove, got the groove Ain't no snow in the snow, we're on the move I really, really got you Ain't no snow in the snow No need to try, yeah, no Ain't no snow in the snow I know, I know It's been far too long, well Ain't no snow in the snow Ain't no snow in the snow Ain't no snow in the snow It's been far too long, y'all We're on the move, we're on the move Just stormin' while I get in love Ain't no snow in the snow We're leaving the negative people way behind Oh, say there ain't no Ain't no snow in the snow Please, please, please Don't stop, please don't make me stop Don't make me stop, hey Don't stop, please don't make me stop See, I don't know where we're going Don't make me stop, hey Oh, where we're going now I'm moving on, I'm moving on I'm moving on, I'm moving on See, we're gonna keep trying I'm moving on, we're gonna keep trying I'm moving on, over, over Yeah, don't stop, please don't stop I said it ain't no snow in the snow See, there ain't no snow in the snow Ain't no snow in the snow We won't, we're gonna polish up our lives See, I'll tell you that finally came around Oh, oh, oh, oh Say we're on the move, we're on the move Ain't got no snow in the snow Oh, oh, oh, oh We're moving on, we're moving on We're moving on, we're moving on We're moving on, we're moving on We moving on, we moving on We wanna and we wanna high high just just Bum bum bila, bum bum bum, bum bum bila, bum bum bila, eh, ooh, ah, bum bum bum, dah, wah, dah, bum bum bum. These women never trouble no one. I'm a lady, I'm not a man. M-E-C is my ambition. I can't deny something, they can't. Bum bum bum bum, dah, wah, dah, bum bum bum, bum bum dila, bum bum bum, bum bum dila, bum bum bum, eh, ah, ah, ah, ah, bum bum bum, dah, wah, dah, bum bum bum, eh, ah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, me born and me grow in a Princeton city. I not see why we present lyrics. When you hear them, you're so late. You say this, it's you. You call me not if they saw me somewhere where we sleep. You hear bum bum, eh, ah, dah, wah, dah, bum bum bum, bum bum dila, bum bum bum bum, bum bum bum bum, bum bum bum, eh, ah, dah, wah, dah, bum bum bum, eh, ah, dah, wah, dah, dah, bum bum bum. That's how money must be for commercial employment. My children do money on my business, so my sister must see I won you not 3,000,000. Sister must see I won you not 3,000,000. So, bam, bam, bam, se wha-cham, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, aye. Se go, sista ma ti, make it go, a ti, lo se fido, sista ma ti, make it go. I know it from the L3 down to Ma Toa. A ti, ta to, sista ma ti, andi go. Asomade ma, a-ta sista ma ti, make it back so. Long down in the system, a ti, make it back so. I'm a lady, I'm not a man, M-E-C is my own nation, I can't be nice, I don't make guns, so bam, bam, bam, say what I'm done, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, aye. Tell me someone didn't love me, yeah. Got you when it's all I need, got you when it's all I need. Got you when I still believe that you're all I'll ever need, it's you. Oh, all the way back in the 70s, you were my little TV crew. You're Tarzan and you're Friggin' me, got you. I got you when I still believe that you're all I'll ever need, it's you. Oh. Oh. It's the end of the century, I can't think of anything, except you. It's the end of the century, I can't think of anything, except you. Oh. Oh. I got you. I got you. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.