 Arizona has long been a Republican stronghold but in 2020 President Joe Biden flipped Arizona by fewer than 11,000 votes. That margin of victory for Biden was the closest compared to any other state and how about this, Biden is only the second Democratic presidential candidate since the 1960s to claim victory in Arizona. There are of course no guarantees that Kamala Harris will be able to do the same this time around as we've been hearing. Harris and Trump both remain locked in a dead heat. We are now joined by Priya Sundarasan. She is a state senator from Arizona which means she serves her district at the state level. She is a Democrat in the state senate that is controlled by the Republican senator. Thank you very much for joining us this morning here. Senator Sundarasan, the border is a key issue on voters minds in Arizona. As you well know, Arizona of course shares that border with Mexico. In December last year, the border arrest that we saw in the US hit nearly 250,000, the most ever recorded in a single month. Now granted, yes, I know those numbers have drastically dropped but many voters still fear that illegal border crossings would only increase if Harris becomes president. What would you say to them? I think that certainly the fear is there. That fear is largely manufactured I think by the right wing media because our borders are pretty quiet. There are certainly areas where there are lots of border crossings. As vice president, Kamala Harris has recently even come to Arizona to announce investments in the port of entries. I think really what's important to underscore here is that migrants, people who are coming from other countries, are not bringing crime with them as the right would claim. There's certainly an issue with illegal drugs and fentanyl that's coming across the border, but that is largely coming through the ports of entry, coming from US citizens who are bringing those across. I think it's important to decouple the fear and stigma that they're trying to create with immigrants, especially because right now the people who are coming across the border, that's been true for a long time, but a lot of them are fleeing circumstances in their own country and simply seeking a better life. What we're seeing in the people coming across the border now is they're not limited to Mexico or even Latin America. We see a lot of immigrants who are coming from countries like India because it highlights the brokenness of the federal immigration laws that have really created the backlog for immigrants from countries like where my parents came from. I think it's a nuanced conversation, a lot of that nuance gets lost. Indeed, India and China as well. Yeah, and from Tucson, I live in Tucson, I'm here in Tucson. Sorry, lots to get through. Let me get to the next question here. As we mentioned earlier, Senator, Biden won Arizona by less than 11,000 votes. Arizona became a hotbed of conspiracy theories after Donald Trump spread those lies about the election being stolen, votes not being correctly counted. Now 11 days away from the election, the election headquarters in Arizona has armed guards, metal detectors, police snipers. Give us a sense really of the fears and the worries just days ahead of the election. How are you feeling? I'm feeling fairly good. Elections in Arizona are conducted safely and securely. We have so many options to vote, including vote from home by mail and early voting has been going on since the beginning of the month. It has gone well, it's gone smoothly, it will continue to go smoothly. I think those precautions though that the Secretary of State has had to take are real. We know that Donald Trump and his supporters and all of the election deniers are latching on to these election fraud lies because they know that they may lose. They want to be able to create a kind of environment where they create those lies again, that they might have a stronghold. But I think the message that I would like to share is that our elections are safe and secure in Arizona. There are so many checks and balances in the process that ensure that only legal votes are counted. Senator Sonderei, what's it looking like for Indian American voters with that South Asian heritage? What is topmost on mind for these voters in the swing state of Arizona? Well I can tell you because I have been participating in a group called South Asians for Harris, South Asian American voters. So there's a lot of enthusiasm seeing someone who is in line to be President of the United States. She's been Vice President and now potentially President of the United States, someone who shares our cultural heritage and our identity. So much excitement has just come out of the woodwork. South Asian Indian Americans are being mobilized and engaged like they never have before and excited to participate. What's the top issue though? Is it the economy? Is it the economy that calls to other voters? Sorry? Is it the economy that's the top issue for South Asians? Yeah, I mean beyond also sharing that issue. I think economy of course is an important issue for South Asian Americans. I also know abortion and reproductive freedom is top of mind for South Asian Americans. And so on both issues actually it's very clear that Kamala Harris is the top candidate. We know that Wall Street Journal and many other Goldman Sachs and other financial firms have predicted a worse economy under Trump. And on reproductive freedoms we know that it's Donald Trump who installed the Supreme Court justices that led to the abortion bans and restrictions we're seeing. State Senator Priya Sundararajan from Arizona, sorry to cut you off. They're really running out of time. Thank you so much for joining us here on NDTV World. Really appreciate it. That's it for US election watch. I'm Alistair DeSouza in Washington DC.