 In the race for the White House, Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump agree that immigration is one of the biggest concerns for voters. Tonight, both candidates are back on the campaign trail with Harris going on the offense in a state where the immigration debate rages. That's Arizona. And while there, Harris picked up a big endorsement. Here's CBS's Nancy Kortis. In Glendale, Arizona, thousands braved the 105-degree heat to get their first glimpse tonight of the new Democratic nominee and her running mate, Tim Walz. 89 days to make Kamala Harris the next president of the United States. In Arizona, like every border state, immigration is a top issue. As a border state prosecutor, she took on drug cartels. Both Harris and former President Trump released new ads this week talking tough, fun immigration. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are allowing illegal people to come into our country. The White House released a new memo today, timed to the VP's visit, noting that border crossings are now lower than when Trump left office, thanks to a strict new asylum policy. They were running against a person that had no idea what she was doing on the border. But at a press conference yesterday, Trump said he would go much farther. We are going to start the largest mass deportation in the history of our country. In Mesa, Arizona today, Mayor John Giles said that's not the answer. He's a Republican but has endorsed Harris and greeted her on the tarmac yesterday. If we did resort to mass deportation, that would crash our economy like we've never seen before. Trump's rhetoric on the issue helped prompt LULAC, the nation's oldest and largest Latino civil rights organization, to endorse Harris today. The first time they've ever backed a presidential candidate. Nationally, Harris leads Trump 52 to 47 percent among Hispanic voters. But she's still got some ground to make up to match President Biden's performance with Hispanic voters back in 2020. I haven't heard a clear plan why she's going to do for us, for the community. Former President Trump is attending his first political rally all week tonight in Bozeman, Montana. Late this afternoon, his plane diverted to Billings, Montana because of a mechanical issue. The former president is comfortably ahead in deep red Montana, and his campaign has not said when he plans to make his next visit to a battleground state major. Battlegrounds Beckin, Nancy Kortis, thanks so much.