 Welcome back to today's video today is Monday August 12th, 2024. And today we're going to be talking about swing states and border city mayors as they endorse Kamala Harris for president in an effort to undercut Donald Trump's advantage amongst voters on the issue of immigration just 80 to 90 days out before the presidential election. Today, Kamala Harris has been endorsed and actually has been endorsed for roughly a week now by the Republican mayor of Mesa, Arizona. This is an endorsement that comes at a time where Kamala Harris really needs support on the side of immigration and has been making a concerted effort to go on the offense against Donald Trump on the issue of the border. In many of her opening statements that she has done at new rallies across Arizona, Michigan, Wisconsin, she directly mentions the border and also acknowledges where she comes from as a prosecutor who was on a border state, meaning California. Now this Republican endorsement, I think, from mayors specifically to in the state of Arizona are really integral to Kamala Harris and her success in this presidential election. What we know is that Kamala Harris has made up a lot of ground in the determination amongst voters versus Trump on many top issues such as health care, abortion, and election integrity. And what they find here is that one of Kamala Harris's worst issues compared to Donald Trump is the issue of defense and the issue of immigration, where Donald Trump has a nine-point advantage nationwide on who Americans voters believe they can trust more on that issue. Again, Kamala Harris ahead by 11 on election integrity, ahead by 11 on health care, nearly up 20 on the issue of abortion. But it is immigration where Kamala Harris comes in at the weakest with one of the lowest ratings on Americans who do trust her to handle that issue better than Donald Trump, which really goes to show that if there is a primary issue where Kamala Harris is really losing to Donald Trump on, it primarily is immigration. And again, that is understood in the way that Kamala Harris has approached campaigning over the past three weeks. And the way she addresses immigration, again, this is a very, very top issue for Joe Biden that is now translated to being a top issue for Kamala Harris, especially since the Biden-Harris administration really put Kamala Harris at the forefront of the border, the southern border crisis, whatever it might be. She was the face of the border and the immigration problems that many people perceive in the American society. And so right now, Kamala Harris receiving these endorsements is really, really good news. It comes also with many other Republicans not endorsing Donald Trump for reelection. Mike Pence announced earlier on this year that he was not endorsing Donald Trump for president. 39 other members of Donald Trump's cabinet, meaning secretaries who were confirmed by the Senate, members who were put into his administration, Donald Trump saw many of them pull away from him after the 2020 presidential election and specifically after the January 6th insurrection. But on the topic of immigration, Kamala Harris is already winning on the issue of election integrity. This is where Kamala Harris really gets a bump, especially when Republican mayors are endorsing her for president of the United States. Because it is these border state Republican mayors, and it is these Republicans, and arguably even two, these border city mayors that may not even necessarily be Republicans. Independents, nonpartisan mayors, some Democratic mayors too, all of them endorsing Kamala Harris gives her validity. And they also are doing ads for her. They're speaking at her rallies. That Republican mayor spoke at the rally that she held in Arizona recently. And so you're finding that many of these people are coming into the race and involving themselves in a way that feels very reminiscent of the Republicans against Trump back in 2020. If we remember, there was a huge campaign there that was really focused on getting Republicans who were well known within the GOP to push against Donald Trump back in 2020. And while there wasn't as much urgency on the Republican side as there was in 2016, we saw a substantial amount of Republicans who said they simply couldn't endorse Donald Trump in the 2020 election. We saw John Kasich, who was the third place or second runner up in the Republican primary back in 2016, speak at the Democratic National Convention. He was the governor of the state of Ohio. And so he really was someone who Republicans looked at as someone they were considered voting for, someone they thought could be a good president of the United States back in 2016. And four years later, he spoke on behalf of Vice President Joe Biden at the time and now President Joe Biden. And so, again, Kamala Harris is reeling in these endorsements and really making a play for Republicans that are worried about topics like immigration. She has now made it a concerted effort with this new announcement of a Republicans for Harris campaign. And Republicans against Trump have already expanded to a $50 million plan of attack against the former president. This was back in March. They were set to run these ads in September, October and November, and all of them have now pivoted in favor of Vice President Harris. And so it really is at a point where Kamala Harris is bringing in everyone she can into this big tent of the Democratic Party, all in an effort, all in an effort to defeat Donald Trump this election and to neutralize the issue that Donald Trump performs the best on. And that is the issue of immigration. Donald Trump really tried to paint Tim Walz. I know we're pivoting a little bit here, but I want to talk to you about what it means to neutralize an issue. When Governor Tim Walz was chosen as the vice presidential nominee, we saw that Donald Trump immediately took to truth social and many of his Republican surrogates went to Fox News and One American News Network and many other conservative sites to push this narrative that Tim Walz handled the Black Lives Matter protests incorrectly back in 2020. They tried to paint Tim Walz as somebody who loves crime. They tried to paint Tim Walz as somebody who doesn't know how to handle anything in the executive office, vice presidency, governorship, Congress, whatever it might be. They painted him as an extremist. Donald Trump crucified Tim Walz on multiple socials and through his surrogates. Again, Tim Walz on many different topics, but none more important to Donald Trump than the Black Lives Matter movement back in 2020. And yet, just days after, Tim Walz is chosen as vice president and Donald Trump launches all of these attacks on him and audio leaks and is reported on by many members of the mainstream press, where it shows that Donald Trump not only was fine with Tim Walz's handling of unrest over George Floyd's murder and the Black Lives Matter protests, but he actually praised Tim Walz and in different periods of time in his administration had also praised Tim Walz in various ways, whether it was appointing him to something within the White House as a group of governors altogether, one Republican, one Democrat, the Democrat that Donald Trump always turned to was Governor Tim Walz very much applauded his handling of this in the leaked audio. And so it's very interesting to see exactly what this audio did to all of the arguments around Tim Walz and that they made Tim Walz less, you know, less reliable, not necessarily less reliable. Sorry, made Donald Trump less able to go after Tim Walz on a topic like this now that there was direct audio evidence of him saying that Tim Walz did the opposite of what he was trying to accuse him of for this election cycle. And so that is what it means to neutralize an issue because this pretty much ended all of the conversation we saw around Tim Walz and his handling of the civil unrest. And this is exactly what it means when Democrats and sure, this is probably audio that has existed for a very long period of time, but it coming into the spotlight, it coming into all this conversation around what Donald Trump is railing on Tim Walz for has completely made it to a point where the Democratic Party no longer needs to defend Tim Walz on this because Donald Trump did it for them. And so while we certainly won't see a leaked audio of Donald Trump applauding Kamala Harris on her handling of the border, it is these Republicans who have the best validity to speak on this topic. Not only are they from a border state, not only are they coming from a region of the country that is competitive and a swing state, they are also a member of the opposition party because she has certainly, again, received endorsements of mayors of border counties or border cities, rather, and mayors within the border states that specifically on the issue of immigration, genuinely believe that Kamala Harris has the best pathway forward for the United States. It's one thing for them to be nonpartisan and Democrat, but it is entirely another thing for them to be Republicans and not just simple endorsements saying Donald Trump is bad, so I guess I'm voting for Kamala Harris. This Republican mayor from Arizona spoke at a Kamala Harris rally saying that these voters that are in the center owe absolutely nothing to the Republican Party. It is that line of messaging that allows Kamala Harris to use these people to her advantage, to show that a lot of these people, beyond her own experience as a state attorney general of a border state, she has people who can speak to their own personal relationships with border police, their own personal relationships with the southern border, and why they believe that Kamala Harris is the best one for the job. Because the American public very much appreciates when people like unions and generals and whoever it might be, people who have the validity to speak on different topics that are pressing to the United States at the time. And Kamala Harris making this not only a forefront of her campaign, but winning over even members of Donald Trump's political party, even recently elected ones. I mean, we're not talking about people from 10, 20 years ago. We are talking about incumbent Republicans who are endorsing Kamala Harris for president and some of them who fit right into a box that are so exceptionally perfect for the Kamala Harris campaign because of the fact that it is Donald Trump's primary issue that he is consistently winning on. But what we are noticing is that over time, the numbers are getting better for Kamala Harris on the issue of immigration. And the more and more and more that she presses Donald Trump on this topic, the more likely it is that she does better on this issue. And to be quite honest, when you're looking at a lot of these topics, defense, immigration compounded together, there are not many other issues that Kamala Harris falls behind on. And so she ends up between now and election day really railing against Donald Trump for his handling of the southern border, railing up attacks against Donald Trump on what we've been seeing between now and the beginning of the Biden-Harris presidency. I mean, we are seeing that Kamala Harris could very well turn around perceptions on many different topics, including immigration, right before November. That could be enough to not only push her over the finish line in states that she might have already been able to win. States like Wisconsin, states like Michigan, states like Pennsylvania, where the southern border isn't the most pressing issue to voters up there. But doing a service to Democrats up and down the ballot, including her own, in states like Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, Nevada, California even, and some of these down-ballot races. If Kamala Harris begins to improve on the topic of immigration in the same way she has on many other issues that are relevant to voters in this election, she wins these battleground states. She certainly doesn't win Texas, but she comes into a point where Arizona is far more within reach than where it was before. Keep in mind, when it was a Biden versus Trump matchup, Biden was down five, six points on the day that he dropped out of the race. Today, Kamala Harris is running roughly even with Donald Trump, and that is the impact of Kamala Harris's candidacy. And if she continues this momentum and continues to reel in endorsements, continues to build up this very large pool of people, especially in states like Arizona, where they love people like Senator John McCain. The McCain family, not all in for Donald Trump in any circumstance. In 2020, we saw that Donald Trump lost the state of Arizona, and many of the Republicans who then went on to bash John McCain and bash many members of the Republican Party that existed peacefully with many of these MAGA Republicans back in 2012, even in 2016. They have now all lost their elections. And a big reason for that isn't because Arizona is somehow this massively Democratic state. It's the next California. None of those things are true. The fact of the matter is there are enough Democratic and left-leaning voters combined with independent voters that might lean right wing, but are unwilling to elect someone like Donald Trump to the presidency, or like Donald Trump to the Senate seat, like Donald Trump to the governorship. And so they turn on the Republican Party, not in every race. We saw the state treasurer race was won by Republicans by a massive amount. But what you do find is that in the Republicans that are far more extreme, people like Kerry Lake, people like Blake Masters, people like Donald Trump, it is states like Arizona where there are Republican votes out there. And the same that you see from Republican mayors like the one you see from Mesa, Arizona, that are willing to cross the aisle because they see Donald Trump as a threat. And those who come into this with experience and know the southern border much better than Donald Trump, arguably much better even than Kamala Harris, they also can be elevated to a national stage. Because what are we seeing now? That rally clip of Republicans and the Republican mayor of Mesa, Arizona endorsing Kamala Harris has now been viewed 10 million times across platforms by the Kamala Harris campaign and many other surrogates that are platforming these clips. They're getting it to swing voters. Not only will it matter regionally in Arizona and swing voters there. But it can make an impact nationally. When people who know this immigration crisis the best are saying that Kamala Harris is the best person for the job, that is something that resonates with voters. And because the narrative has been for the past three and a half years that the only person, supposedly, I mean, this is the Republican talking point. So take with that what you will. That the only person who has been able to handle the border correctly is Donald Trump. And that has been the narrative that has been spun and said and tried and tested across the United States and arguably even believed as evidenced by where the American public stands on this issue and who they believe is best fit to be the next president of the United States specifically on this topic. Kamala Harris shatters that with this new endorsement, with many other endorsements, and it is only going to continue. Because as we get closer to the election, the urgency around immigration, the urgency around the southern border, the urgency entirely about this election is going to become much more apparent. Not only to people in elected positions who can make endorsements for Kamala Harris, but also to voters who will go ahead and look into different things like issues of election integrity, health care, defense, so on and so forth. And when they are doing this research and when they're getting a more nuanced opinion and they're reading the news articles and they're tuning in way more than they were a year ago or two years ago. The fact is, articles like these just simply don't go away easily. When they start to see them getting out there on the campaign trail, more and more things are happening. More and more people are talking about it. And it all seems to be benefiting Kamala Harris. Donald Trump has had arguably the worst three weeks of his presidential campaign to date, from launching in November of 2022 up until now the worst three weeks. And they don't look like they're getting any better. Arizona is at the forefront of this election. And this endorsement from the Republican mayor is substantial. But from border city mayors across the United States, substantial as well. As we start to see more members of the Republican Party pull away from Donald Trump, it does make an impact when they are outspoken for Kamala Harris. And not just begrudgingly voting for them like they did for Biden Harris back in 2020. The Republican Party is at a point where if there's any more fracturing, Donald Trump will continue to lose support from his base and from members of the center. That might be entirely okay with any other Republican on the national level. But cannot stomach Donald Trump for the way that he handled January 6th, for the way that he handled various issues, the coronavirus, whatever it might be. There are voters out there that the Joe Biden campaign was unable to tap into in a way they did back in 2020. And now with Kamala Harris on the ticket, and now that you have more and more Republicans that are outspoken either about not supporting Trump or specifically endorsing Kamala Harris for president, it makes it more likely that more follow suit and overall just builds the momentum that Kamala Harris has had over the past three weeks since launching her candidacy. So thank you guys so much for watching this video. Make sure to comment down suggestions below. Subscribe on the left if you haven't already and check out the Instagram and Twitter. At the top left of the screen, there's also a Discord server for you to go ahead and join. On the screen, this video can watch and then a playlist of my 2024 presidential election analysis videos. Again, thank you guys so much for watching and I will see you all later today.