 Incredible friend who's put everything on the line Rob Schneider the actor the comedian This guy by the way, he escaped, California And he doesn't want to have to escape Arizona There's no one left to go. So can you give a huge warm welcome to an incredible courageous man Rob Schneider? Thank you Thank you Carrie Carrie's not only a leader. She's not only courageous. She not only supports the police and the people of Arizona She also did that entire speech in heels and I think you should respect that She's tough tough as nails my feet hurt and I'm wearing flats No, we have to secure our border because people are just pouring in I'm not talking about from Mexico I'm talking about from California what people are pouring in I'm bringing California with them Don't easy my just left California just a stop stop it already But this is a beautiful wonderful state It's too hot but I can deal with it I will deal with the freedom of this state and I'll deal with the heat whenever it gets over 110 I go. Thank you Keep the people from California for moving here The better the hotter the better now I Will say that like even even the even the people that have come home from the border for the Mexican border Illegal people coming over there even two months ago. They don't want new people coming over They're like wait. I did I don't want somebody coming over here Try to take the job. I just look I Just took it an hour ago, please let me have it at least for a week Well The fact of the matter is this is one of the states the seven battleground states. This does matter If this election does really matter, there's only seven battleground states Arizona's one there was a hundred thousand One hundred thousand Republicans who did not vote four years ago We need to reach them. We need to have people turn out. We need to keep this state free We need to keep this state red I'd tell people like You know who get wrapped up in this Republican and Democrat thing. I tell them all the time. They say look Americans there's this it's not conservative anymore. It's just I mean liberalism traditional liberalism You know free speech women's rights Gay rights you want to have the right to citizens voting not illegal people voting you want to have Public schools where the parents can decide what is taught in schools. This is traditional liberalism and now you have it's painted There's either crazy liberals or liberals that make sense So as someone from California We have lost our minds in California. I have little kids who go to school I had to take them out of California because California is dangerous for public schools For kids, you know in the morning you drop off a girl in the afternoon you pick up a boy, you know We need a Sane, Arizona We need to keep the city and you're gonna have to get out the vote You're gonna have to do it and I just tell people all the time. There will be no Marines landing to save us There will be no Marshall plan to help us rebuild There will be no food drop from Europe. We're it. This is it This election is important this state is important Kerry Lake being elected to the Senate matters. We have Richard Gallego Suddenly cared about the border ten hours ago Because you realize what it really was Was okay people that's something to vote for people will care about that They didn't care for three years because they don't want to stop people from coming in They want it. They want to turn America into a California is a mess If you look at the streets of Los Angeles in San Francisco You would think when I was there it looks like Calcutta and they want the same thing in every street because they want chaos They want us at each other's throats They want you they want it so crazy for your life and your family that you're willing to give up your freedoms To just have some form of calm To do away with your freedoms so that you don't have to deal with chaos That's the plan and that's what they're enacting and if they're reelected in the White House if they get the Senate They're gonna open it up again And that's what they'll do They don't care about your family. They only care about keeping power and Unfortunately, this guy Gallego Richard Gallego is the same thing They just part of a wheel Nobody voted for Kamala Harris in the primaries suddenly She's the candidate the same people who said she's joyful and that she's a wonderful Incredible candidate are the same people two months ago who said this is the best version of Jill Biden Jill Biden sharpest attack And I will tell you that it is an improvement for the Democrats Kamala Harris, I mean she can blink She knows how to walk off the stairs, you know up and down in heels very talented She knows how to get off the stage, which is like Joe Biden's kryptonite Joe Biden Joe Biden getting off the stage. It was always a panic for everybody all the thing But for the people they wanted to bite us they want to Continue to have us at our throats and if you want to know Democrat or Republican You have to know we need to do what's best for this country. We need to turn things over If Kamala had great ideas, you would have put them in the last three and a half years If the Democrat controlled Senate had good ideas they would have put them in the last three and a half years, but they didn't Anytime people get upset about and get you know, I'd each other's throats about Democrat and Republicans I just tell them this whenever there's a natural disaster The real quality of Americans come out and you see it You know when there was a flood in Houston three summers ago and people were going was staying on top of the roofs waiting to Get rescued by the flooded cities that were on that would literally Houston was a lake People were waiting to get rescued on the boats. You know what the people in the boats coming by we're not saying Are you Democrat or Republican up there? A Democrat a Democrat. Well, this is a Republican boat The Democratic boats you becoming pretty soon. Good luck with that. It's a kayak. It's better for the environment So All right. What else is that to say? I will say this look Here's an interesting thing to not get down about this election because this is anytime There's problems whether it's in your family whether it's in the community Whether it's our state whether it's our nation. These are opportunities by God Now we can decide what kind of family we want What kind of community we want? What kind of state that we want? We want to keep this state free This is the ball work if Arizona goes so goes the nation Now we'll just tell people like who get down about things that 30% During covert tyranny went with it and were gung-ho about the covert tyranny and did what the government said 30% went along with it Because it was easier But a 30% said f you it's my body. I'm not doing it my family And it was people in this state and I said I'm gonna go I want to go fight with these people in Arizona I'm not leaving Arizona. I'm staying here. I'm gonna fight This is it 30% of Americans said no, we're not doing it. Let me just tell you something 30% during the Revolutionary War 30% Were with the Brits 30% were ambivalent but 30% of the colonists said no we want to start a new country and those 30% won And they beat the greatest power on earth the greatest military power on earth England at that time well guess what we got 30% in the United States already We are not turning this over to a Marxist like Kamala Harris. She's a Marxist She says things like this equity. She says okay How much of your hard work and your money that you earn is somebody else's fair share? Your money you keep it the inflation the 26% inflation That the Biden-Harris administration caused is theft It is an unfair taxation on your families, and you all feel it. I felt it myself Fill up gas on the way over here And by the way Chandler's got an amazing steakhouse right here these these steakhouse They've got an amazing they got an amazing Indian food place to call the Fargi Gaga. I don't know what it is, but But they know it's something very close to that So look this is a great state They're great people here all along this state when I meet wonderful people it is a beautiful state I'm sorry that that stupid golf term is going to start up. What's going to screw up traffic? I hate that And I don't know who decided that construction should happen on every freeway all at the same time. I don't know who decided that But I'm still looking to take it. I don't know why My wife has a flat tire every three weeks. I don't understand I think the tire companies just walk around and throw nails out the windows at night on the roads But this is a great beautiful state with wonderful people and this state is worth fighting for Let me tell you Carrie Lake when they attack you when they viciously attack you it's because God bless you Carrie because you stand for something you stand for the people of the state Where's your guy they don't attack him because he's just a cog in the wheel He will do whatever they tell him to do Because all they want is to continue power and they want to continue to degrade this country so that they never lose power again Like Elon Musk said last week This may be the last chance we get This may be it because if they keep flooding the cities like they want to do and Bussing people to Florida and busing into different red states which they do flying them on your tax dollars if they can can do that For another two years another four years. We're gonna all be in a horrible place This is the final stand Arizona will decide the election talk to your friends talk to your neighbors and come from a place of love The one thing they don't have the one thing the Democrats they don't have there's no fire There's no real joy behind that. They don't have what we have. We love our country. We love this state We love our family. We love our children