 Well, hello Arizona. What an honor it is to follow the next senator from Arizona, Kerry Lake. I am here today because this is the election that will decide who we are, where our children live, the opportunities that they will have. This is a sacred, to me, a sacred duty and honor, not to just be here, but also to vote. We need to get people out to vote for Donald Trump. You don't need me to tell you we live in what I believe are prophesied times. We are living in a time where evil is literally called good, and good is evil. Where men can become women, and strangely, men can also become little girls, if that's not creepy enough. We know about what's happening to our girls. This is the destruction of women. I know there are some women that say, I don't know, I just can't vote for Donald Trump. The policies of the left and Kamala Harris are destroying our women. They are undermining us as parents. Anybody who says that they should be able to counsel my child in secret is a predator. This is what we're up against. And for people who say, I don't know, I don't know if I can vote for Donald Trump, the one thing that you cannot question is his children. His children love him and honor him. His children, quite honestly, with that much wealth and that much fame, they should be crackheads. Well, trying to think if there's an example of that anywhere, but where did I leave my Hunter Biden facts? These are people who contribute to society, who honor their father and their mother. I don't know how he did that. He's a genius at business. The man should write a parenting book. How did he do it? We are also, I feel prompted to tell you that the biggest, the biggest, most obvious and dangerous perversion, one that should set everyone's alarm bells off is this. Every Sabbath, every Sunday, if you go to church, you go to church, you break bread, in remembrance of him, this is my body which I have given up for you. The left has perverted that to the point to where it is this is my child's body which I will give up for me. That is evil and must not continue. We are looking at a relationship with evil that cannot be tolerated. We must, the Constitution is hanging by a thread. It is time for the good people that know the difference between right and wrong to stand up and save the Republic. It is time to call on God's army that is armed with our voices and our vote. You know Kamala Harris said just the other day in an interview that if she could do it all over again, what would she change? Is there any policies or anything that she would change? Immediately the list was endless in my head and she responded, no, nothing. How is this woman the agent of change? How do people get that understanding of who she is? Let me tell you something, if you want change, vote Donald Trump. Things are going to change. Thank you. Thank you.