 Here's Vice President Kamala Harris landing in Phoenix Thursday. Today she's getting ready for her first vague rally in Arizona as a Democratic nominee for president. Good morning to you Tucson on Friday August 9th. I'm Jose Sosayo. And I'm Claire Graham. Tonight Vice President Harris and her running mate Governor Tim Walls will be speaking at the Desert Diamond Arena in the Phoenix area to an invite-only crowd as part of the tour across several swing states. But the big development on the campaign trail is that Vice President Harris and former President Trump are now set to debate each other September 10th here on ABC. I'm looking forward to it and hope he shows up. I think it's very important to have debates. Now at his press conference inside his Mar-a-Lago home Thursday, former President Trump confirmed he and Harris agreed to that ABC debate and he added that he wanted a debate on Fox News September 4th. Now Harris campaign leader says that idea is off the table for now and that any future meetings will hinge on Trump doing the first debate. Now Trump's running mate Senator J.D. Vance is wrapping up this week's trip where he was following the Democratic ticket through the Midwest but this morning former President Trump is getting back on the campaign trail heading to Montana for a rally. And later today we know Harris will be talking to those supporters in Glendale and here we're bringing in our Blake Phillips in studio. So Blake, you see what both campaigns have been doing. You've been watching closely this week based on their strategies it looks like Arizona is getting a lot of attention. Yeah guys once Vice President Harris announced her choice for VP we knew the dust was beginning to settle and now it's just a blitz to November 5th in Arizona a key state this election cycle. I spoke to some locals to find out why. Of the eight battleground states Arizona has quickly become a focus for both parties with stops by Senator Vance last week and now Phoenix on Vice President Harris's list of stops Friday. We need to flip Arizona into a blue state. You know Arizona is critically important. We're one of those five critical estate and I'll be honest with you when you evaluate nationally Pima County is about number 21 in priorities for us to get the count up. Both Republicans and Democrats here in Pima County are ramping up their campaign efforts but there's still some questions left to be answered. Like will Kamala Harris make a visit to the border before November 5th Pima County GOP Chairman Dave Smith says he doesn't think the border is a priority for Harris. The Arizona border seems to be something she just simply can't go to. She goes to El Paso and and goes to the bridge but she hasn't been to the actual border crisis and local business owner and Democrat Joyce Eller says she thinks it would be great for Harris to visit the border though for different reasons and I'm hoping maybe she'll come to the border and see the vibrancy of the border community and the importance that it is to us in Arizona and maybe look at other alternatives other options. Chad Westerlyn is a political science professor at the University of Arizona and he says that the reason Harris is heading to Phoenix first is Maricopa County may be the key to Arizona. If the Harris campaign doesn't win Maricopa County, they're not gonna win Arizona. But one thing is for sure Friday won't be the last visit we see to Arizona this cycle. Arizona was close in 2020. It'll be close in 2024. Now let's take a closer look at what Westerlyn just said Maricopa County Arizona in general, like he said, very tight Maricopa County was very, very tight when we look at the stats here from 2020 Donald or President Joe Biden took the county by about 45,000 votes. If we look down towards Pima County, he took Pima County by about 97,000 votes. But the state as a whole was only won by 10 and a half thousand votes. So if Democrats are looking to win Arizona again, they're really gonna need to maintain that lead and that's why Arizona is going to be a state watched on a national level.