 Well, this is what it's all about, five days out from election day and Kamala Harris is here in Arizona trying to rally the troops for one last night, of course. And we need you to vote Arizona because we have five days left, five days left, in one of the most consequential elections of our lifetime and we have work to do. But we like hard work. Hard work is good work. Hard work is joyful work. And make no mistake, we will win. Nearly 63 million Americans have already voted and with the polls razor thin, Kamala Harris needs all the votes she can to become president. In this election, we have an opportunity to turn the page on a decade of Donald Trump trying to keep us divided and afraid of each other. We're done with that, we're exhausted with that. And we know, and we know that's who he is, but Phoenix, that is not who we are. That is not who we are. Kamala Harris appealed to voters' concerns about the economy, the cost of living and jobs, saying it will be her focus every single day as president. I will give a middle class tax cut to over 100 million Americans. I will enact the first ever federal ban on corporate price gouging on groceries. I will fight to make sure that hard working Americans can actually afford a place to live. She also promoted access to health care, saying it fitted her belief and dignity for all people. My plan includes lowering the cost of childcare, cutting taxes for small businesses and lowering health care costs. Kamala Harris says she's fighting for the future, describing it as a fight for freedom. The fundamental freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government tell her what to do. Abortion and women's health resonating with her supporters. No one should tell me what I should do with my body, ever. Women's rights, the right to be able to choose to do whatever you want to do with your body. So it's pretty important, I would say. Kamala Harris has a chance. I feel like I'm confident. I feel like the young people are waking up and noticing the difference and want to make a difference by voting, I would say. With five days to go, before election day, Kamala Harris describes Donald Trump's campaign as one of hate and division. He insults Latinos, scapegoats, immigrants, and it's not just what he says, it's what he will do. If elected, you can be sure he will bring back family separation policies. Only on a much greater scale than last time. And it is time then to turn the page on Donald Trump. We are done with that. For the thousands at the rally, the energy of her supporters was palpable. I think people are going to be surprised. I think it's not going to be as close as people think. Yeah, why is that? Is that the too many rogue polls? Uh, yes. I take, I take the women, the women are going to come out in droves and people are waking up. The older people are waking up and they remember World War II. They remember Hitler. The trouble is the younger people nowadays were not taught about World War II or were not taught about Hitler in school. That all you have to do is listen to Mr. Trump and believe me what he says he will do. We just hope we get in because you know there are thousands of people here and we don't know if we're going to get in. Do you think it's obviously you feeling like there's a bit of excitement? Oh yeah, it's exciting just to be here in this line. Can I ask you what the main thing you're voting on is in this election? Democracy. This is the most important election since we became a nation and broke from Britain. It's going to be fantastic. I can't wait to celebrate Kamala's win because American people are smart, they're giving, they love others and I think that's what the Harris campaign is all about.