 Right now Mark Kelly and his wife Gabby Giffords are on the stage getting the crowd fired up. This is a sellout crowd here at Desert Diamond Arena all anxiously waiting to hear from Vice President Harris and her running mate Minnesota Governor Tim Walz. And after attending Republican Vice President candidate J.D. Vance's rally last week, I can tell you that there is a difference. Many in that crowd were angry and resentful over the problems that they believe were created by the Biden administration and re-electing former President Trump is the only way forward for America. This crowd though, completely different. They've seemed energetic and optimistic. I had a chance to talk to some of them today about what issues they think are most important. Take a listen. What is the energy like in here to you today? Oh, it's electric, exciting. I knew she, Harris was coming and Walz so I had to do and bring my support. What is your single biggest issue for 2024? Women's rights. Let them choose whatever they need to choose. If they need to get something done, like if they're pregnant, they need to get that abortion. Nobody wants to kill a baby. Nobody does. But if it means the life of the mother, something has to get done. What's the most important issue to you in this upcoming election? I think the most important issue, obviously women's rights, protecting abortion, but also protecting our democracy. And I think that Vice President Harris is obviously best equipped to do that. She's proven herself and we're super excited to get her over the finish line in November. What makes you excited about this campaign? Just to have that energy out there, the support behind women's rights. The positivity. When you say positivity, what do you mean? It's just so negative with Trump. Everything he says out of his mouth is just negative. The most important thing in this election is just keep the unity. That was just a small sample, but it's pretty clear. And I heard it over and over again. Women's reproductive rights. This is going to be a huge issue in November. Now, is it the issue that puts the Harris Wall's ticket over the top? What about immigration, which is a huge problem in Arizona or the economy?