 I have an urgent message for the majority of Americans who like me are in the political middle. John McCain's Republican Party is gone and we don't owe a damn thing to what's been left behind. Welcome back to Square Off. That was Mesa's Republican Mayor John Giles speaking in prime time last week at the Democratic National Convention. John McCain's Republican Party is gone, he said. Almost 10 years into the party's Trump era, more and more Arizona Republicans are coming forward to say the same thing. Joining us are two members of Arizona Republicans for Harris, retired appeals court judge Daniel Barker and business owner Emily Benton Heaton. Welcome to Square Off. Good to see you. I want to make one thing clear at the start because there's a few Republicans for Harris groups. I'm a phenomenon of this era. Dan Barker, where does this group fit in? Are there connections? Is this some kind of organized agenda? Yeah, great, great question. There are distinct non-connections. We're an independent pack. Our actual name is Arizona Republicans who believe in treating others with respect. Our goal is like the Harris campaign, we want to see Harris elected, but we're prohibited from coordinating with the Harris campaign. I just showed John Giles. Is Mayor Giles affiliated with your group or another group? No, he's affiliated with the campaign. He's the co-chair of Republicans for Harris through the campaign. We're an independent grassroots super pack. Your big splash is coming up this week. It's going to happen. Billboards are going to be around the valley. Just describe that campaign. This is something we've really worked hard for. Four years ago, people got to see our signs, and I'm sure you'll saw a clip of some, but this cycle we decided to use billboards. Monday morning, you're going to see 50 digital billboards throughout the valley on all the freeways saying Arizona Republicans for Harris, Arizona Independents for Harris, Arizona Moderates for Harris, Arizona Conservatives for Harris. How long is that campaign going to last? We have limited funds. That's going to be a week. Then we're going to keep it going at a reduced pace for another five weeks. Okay. Emily, I want to turn to you. Make the case for Republicans who might be thinking about voting for Kamala Harris. Well, I joined up with this group back in 2020, actually. I was moved by a yard sign of a neighbor. I reached out and was really moved by the fact that they are focused on kindness and making sure that we put the right people in office who are going to continue our democracy. Kamala Harris, I believe, fits all of those. That was 2020. Was that before the election? Sorry. Back in 2020, I reached out to Dan Barker when I found out about his organization. Back then, we were known as Arizona Republicans for Biden. Now, of course, we're Arizona Republicans for Harris. I'm curious about how you arrived at that point. Are you a registered Republican? Actually now, I am an independent, but I was in the past. When did you change? A couple of years ago. Judge Barker, are you a registered Republican? I am. Yeah, lifelong. Still am. Me and Mayor Giles, it's a group of three, and others more than that, but that have stayed in the party. I hope more do. Hopefully, we can work some change. Right now, that's difficult in Arizona. Who was the last Republican you voted for, Senator Presidential? Oh, well, I voted for Romney, clearly, when Trump came around in 2016. That's pretty much where it ended for me. And how about you? You know, I am a little bit further back. I voted for George W. George W? Yeah. Okay. Do you, when you hear, or did you listen to Kamala Harris's acceptance speech? You've heard her speak in other venues. Is there anything as a former Republican that just made you go, hmm, I'm not sure about that? Well, I think that in the speech last night, you know, there were a couple things that I thought, you know, that doesn't perfectly align with me, but I don't think any candidate is ever perfectly aligned. But what I appreciate about her is that I know she is, she has a great track record of following the rule of law and the Constitution and continuing our democracy. And those are the things I'm most concerned about with Trump. Party's been captured by Trump. This MAGA movement where it tries to overthrow the rule of law as a former judge, it just goes to the core of our democracy. So that would give me a great pause, is that Trump would still be controlling the party. So is that really the breaking point for you? Do you see a day after Trump, after Trump leaves the scene, when you might come back to the Republican Party if it's refashioned? I'm not sure, actually, at this point. I'm not sure. Well, I'm still in the party, you know, and I know there's the whole list of folks they've censured. You know, I've... Have you been censured? I wasn't on that list because, see, I didn't sign up for the one through the campaign because we're independent. You know, there's still time. Yeah, I know. I felt badly that they hadn't noticed this. Okay, now you're out there on TV. Have you been getting grief from family and friends about this? Yes. Yes. How serious is it? Some unfortunate Facebook comments and things like that. You know, you gotta... People not talking to you anymore? Yes. You have to pick your battles, though, and do what you think is right. And I'm doing this for my kids because it's important to teach them to stand up to bullies of any kind, even if you're gonna have fallout or repercussions. And I'm doing it for my... You know, my grandmother was a young Republican, and she was active in the Republican Party until the day she died. And I don't think that she would recognize what has become, and I'm doing this for her too. We're gonna end it on that note. Emily Benton Heaton, Judge Daniel Barker, thank you so much for joining us.