 We stand in front of you today as once proud members of the Arizona Republican Party, but unfortunately that party has left us. It is certainly not what it once was. Our party's nominee is not qualified for office and that we need to vote for the for the adult in the room and that is Kamala Harris. She is the best candidate. That was Mayor John Giles of Mesa, Arizona. You heard speaking there. Mayor Giles joins us now to talk more about this growing movement. Thank you for being here, Mr. Mayor. Thank you. Good to be with you. Now your critics have called you a Democrat in disguise and a quote leftist. You've endorsed a Democrat who's been supported by Bernie Sanders. Do you still consider yourself a Republican? Absolutely. I've been a lifelong Republican. I was used to work for Senator McCain, actually Congressman McCain back in the day and was elected 10 years ago as mayor of one of the more conservative cities in the United States. I do acknowledge that I'm not in sync with what the Republican Party is right now, but I think that's the party leaving me not the other way around. Now, Harris chose Tim Walz for VP. He has a progressive record as the Governor of Minnesota. She declined to pick your Senator Mark Kelly or Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro, arguably more moderate options. You say that you want politics to return to the middle, but is her vice presidential pick pulling her away from the middle? I don't think so. Governor Walz came out to the, it's a big hit, I think in Arizona and around the country. He came out to the amazing rally here last week, gave a very centrist speech. I think he presents as a very common sense individual. He's someone that while in Congress was highly regarded by both sides of the aisle and he was the first Democrat elected in a predominantly Republican congressional district in many, many years. So he's got a lot of centrist appeal, a very common sense gentleman, a great history of public service. He did some practical things while he was governor addressing some of the social service needs of his state, but I wouldn't, I think the Trump campaign's attempts to paint him as overly progressive just don't ring true. I want to talk about some of your personal politics though. Where would you say that you disagree with Kamala Harris and Tim Walz? Sure, I mean I continue to be registered as a Republican because I do believe that I'm more closely aligned with the principles of the Republican party. I consider myself a pro-life. I'm not in favor of abortion on demand and when it comes to immigration, there are members of the Democratic party that could be rightly described as open borders individuals. I, living in a border state, I'm very much aware of the need for there to be a well-regulated border and support having a secure border. So I align on most of the major issues with the Republican party, but I think we've seen, I've had like say a tenure of 10 years as mayor, so I've seen both Republican and Democratic administrations. Donald Trump was not a good president from the perspective of a mayor and he was, did not interact well with cities. The opposite is true with the Biden administration between the the bipartisan infrastructure act, the chips act, the inflation reduction act. There's been a lot of infrastructure that has been funded with federal money in my city. I'm going to ribbon cuttings and ground breakings every week that really have been prompted by investment in infrastructure made possible under this Democratic administration. Regarding the southern border, Harris, when she ran for president back in 2020, she said specifically that she believed that illegal immigration, rather, should be decriminalized. She's since kind of walked back those comments, but she hasn't really sat for any major interviews. She takes a couple of questions from the press every now and then. Should she be clarifying her positions? I mean clearly you're comfortable supporting her even though her past positions in immigration seem to run extremely counter to what you believe. Well, it is important that she speak on that issue, particularly folks like myself in border states are anxious for her to flesh out her positions on that, but I can tell you that she has been very clear on supporting the bipartisan infrastructure act that was negotiated by Senator Langford and Senator Sinema and others and really had the approval of the Republican Party, the Democratic Party, the White House, until it was scuttled by Donald Trump. She's already said that if she's successful, she will endorse that plan and work to see it implemented. So she does, has announced a good policy when it comes to border security issues and immigration reform. Donald Trump has been critical of that plan, but has offered nothing as an alternative. I mean to that point though, again on the southern border, you're a member of the US Conference of Mayors and serve as chairman of the Immigration Reform Task Force. The latest AP NORC found that more Americans trust Donald Trump on immigration than Kamala Harris. Is she not getting her messaging out there enough or I mean, is Trump not being clear enough on his messaging? I'm curious where that divide comes from. Clearly you have more faith on immigration with her than you do with him. Yeah, well, Trump has done a better job of messaging and his message is nothing but criticism of the current administration without offering up an alternative plan. The alternative plan that was presented was the bipartisan plan that was negotiated by Republican and Democratic senators and met with both parties approval until Mr. Trump decided that he didn't want to have a solution at the border because he didn't want the Biden administration to have any credit for that. And it's very much a wedge issue, an emotional issue that can be used for his personal political gain during the campaign. So, yes, we do have a crisis at our border and I think if we treat it as a problem to be solved, it's something that's very solvable. And Vice President Harris has indicated a willingness to do that by indicating her support for the bipartisan immigration act that is just waiting on the sidelines, waiting for a president to come in that will be able to sign it and a Congress that will approve it. President and Congress, you make it sound easy. Mayor of Mesa, Arizona, John Giles. John, thank you for being with us here today.