 Trump and many of his MAGA fans are having trouble with their own fake audits that they've demanded while they're ramping up attacks on democracy. Take a look in Georgia, where Trump is actually under an ongoing criminal investigation. We won on the Arizona forensic audit yesterday at a level that you wouldn't believe. It is clear in Arizona that they must decertify the election. It was a corrupt election. And it's my opinion, by the way, that Georgia is far worse. You may be feeling like you're having flashbacks there. Donald Trump speaking to a crowd with all of the usual pageantry. This was this weekend and this is part of what this MAGA movement has become, calls to decertify elections even when their own sham audits, which aren't valid and wouldn't change the outcome anyway, actually found that Trump lost by even more than he thought. New York Times reporting Trump and his allies are fomenting more and more conspiracy theories. A Washington Post probe, meanwhile, shows an election supervisor in Colorado accused of sneaking someone into county offices to copy voting system hard drives. This is not a drill. It requires scrutiny to be ahead of whatever they may be cooking up. Republican Congresswoman Cheney, who of course was ousted from leadership over confronting Trump's big lie, is saying pay attention because this person who may run again for president is dangerous. I watched while the attack was underway, understood very clearly what he did on January 6th, what he failed to do on January 6th. Instead of stopping the attack while it was underway, he was busy calling up senators trying to get them to delay the count. So there was no calculation. I think he's very dangerous. That is an insider, a conservative Republican, speaking in depth about what she views as the sloppy coup that Trump continued to try to execute on January 6th amidst the crime spree at the Capitol. Meanwhile, the Times is reporting that the FBI had an informant during the insurrection, a member of the Proud Boys who was reportedly texting his own FBI handler during that fateful insurrection, but maintaining they had no plans to enter the Capitol itself. Meanwhile, Speaker Pelosi's investigative committee, trying to get to the bottom of it all, last week there was news of a major win for Congress. You may recall we were covering this. Biden's administration said from the lectern, the White House press secretary, that he would not, not use executive privilege to shield Donald Trump with the release of information or evidence relating to the January 6th insurrection. So that felt like a big deal when it comes on the record from the lectern. But this is interesting and this happens, of course, on many stories, including out of Washington, the Biden administration is now appearing to walk back that fairly straightforward statement. It is saying something that sounds much more lawyerly, that decisions about whether or not to shield evidence and documents will actually be made on a quote, case by case basis. I'm joined now by former acting U.S. Lister General Neil Koch. Much to get into, but I want to begin with where we left off late last week. Everyone's had their time and their weekends. It seemed like a major development from the White House lectern, spurning executive privilege claims by Donald Trump if he tries to make them around January 6th. Now we're told case by case, enlighten us, break it down both. What does that mean and what do you think is happening here at the intersection of Washington law and policy, which you lived? Great to see you, Ari. It's been a while. I'm really glad to be back. So executive privilege is this idea that basically there's a zone of secrecy around the president and presidential decision making that protects information. And so what the Biden administration last week said was, well, with respect to January 6th, we're going to let these White House officials be subpoenaed, testify in front of Congress and the like. Now, today, I think they did. I don't think they've walked it back. I think they've just said they're going to evaluate things on a case by case basis. I think that's actually the standard long term Justice Department position. Here's why, because suppose you have a president like a normal president who actually like does work, even if you have something like an insurrection happening on January 6th. Maybe there's like some also some foreign policy negotiation happening at the same time or something like that that you don't want disclosed. And so it's fully appropriate, at least for presidents who do work or normal, that you'd want to have not a blanket executive privilege waiver, but something case by case. And that's all I think today. Let me press you on that a little bit because I hear what you're saying. It makes sense. The case by case framework, though, is we're talking about the case of the January 6th insurrection. We didn't read or report Jen Psaki saying that there would never be a possible situation where something that the president, the previous president did would be entitled to this. But on this probe with this January 6th committee, she seemed to imply they weren't going to honor it, then walked it back. So if it's case by case and she says on this case, they weren't going to honor it and now they're kind of pulling back from that, it feels like they may still leave room to not fork over stuff around this case. And Ari, what I'm saying is I think by case by case, I don't think in the case of January 6th, as much as the micro details about any specific incident on January 6th. And it's at least conceivable to me that in setting policy, you wouldn't want to say, hey, maybe there's some secret negotiation that's happening at the same time or something like that. Maybe that little piece shouldn't be disclosed. But absolutely, I'm agreeing with you 100 percent. If the Biden administration walked back, letting the American public and the Congress know what's happening on January 6th, I will have a conniption. I mean, because that, you know, there's nothing more important than getting to the bottom of the truth. And I take it that the White House is on the same page there. And you're known for your measured analysis and not for conniptions. So that shows people if you're going to get to a cotchow conniption, that would be quite a development. You're warning us to sit it out and make sure we see where this ultimately lands, which which is, of course, I think a fair point as well, as we're following everyone's following quite closely. What comes out of the White House on that? I want to switch gears, but a similar topic. Play you something that Steve Schmidt said when he was talking to Rachel about what we're seeing here is this building chorus of attacks on the 2020 election results. And it's gotten more and more absurd, which on the one hand can make you feel dismissive, like leave it alone. Why even bring it up? But on the other hand, it's sort of normalizing and routinizing this endless relitigation to a degree that is if elections aren't really resolved. It kind of just depends on what people feel or what their own political audits say. And he made a point about why he thinks this is happening. Take a listen. The Republican Party of late September 2021 is a profoundly more radical party than it was on Election Day, than it was on January 6th, than it was on Inauguration Day. They are driving both chaos at the same time where they are selling order. Your reaction? Yeah, so I agree with Schmidt that it's dangerous. And also these things are inaccurate by the Republicans. I mean, totally. I mean, first of all, wasn't Trump supposed to be reinstated by August or something? That's what he said. He's had more delays than like the Postal Service under Louis de Joy. I mean, you know, Republicans first predicted that Donald Trump would win, then that the Supreme Court was going to intervene on his behalf, then that Biden would last 10 days. Then he was supposed to return on March 4th and the like. I mean, you know, I've had more fake outs than Major League Baseball. It's ridiculous. So I think one part is just the inaccuracy. It is just a complete total lie. Then the other part, Schmidt's side slating, is the danger. I mean, this Arizona recount, what a waste of money. They spent thousands and thousands of dollars and it turned out at the end of it, even after they hired like a biased Republican leaning conspiracy firm to do the recount, that Biden got more votes under the recount than Trump did, more than the initial count. And here's what I think the danger is. It's that these kinds of insinuations about elections are proliferating. And so you've had recounts demanded and trying to get voter records in Pennsylvania, in Wisconsin, in Texas, and all sorts of places that undermine our faith in the election system. And this is not about, you know, looking back. This is about Republicans looking forward and saying, you know, in the next time, can they sow that kind of doubt and maybe just turn a few people's votes, a few key people, and then hand the election to the Republicans even though they wouldn't have won it in a democracy? And what Schmidt's saying is right. We don't have a Republican Party that's an anti-Democrat party. The Republican Party has become an anti-Democracy party. Yeah, that's an important and chilling point, which people like Steve Schmidt, who worked at the highest levels of the Republican Party and people like yourself who have a legal lens, are really warning the nation about what people want to do about that. And that's against the backdrop of a bunch of races to be the top elections official that we've covered that have now partisan Republican candidates running basically in the mode of the big lie. And what does that mean? So it's a lot to keep an eye on. Neil, good to have you back here. I want to remind everyone you can always go to MSNBC dot com slash opening arguments where we actually host a page where you can just find Neil's analysis, this segment and also past election segments that are great tutorials.