 turn to News Nation's Nancy Lew in Phoenix where Vice President Harris will be holding a rally later today. Nancy at Maricopa County, big deal of course. What are we expecting in this last minute push for Arizona's 11 electoral votes that are up for grabs? Well marking more than 1.6 million voters here in Arizona have already cast their ballots and that's about 28% of the electorate. So now there is a serious ground game targeting the rest of Arizona voters. In these final days before November 5th, the Harris campaign has thousands of volunteers going door to door to lobby voters to actually go to the polls or send in their ballots. For security reasons, an organizer refused to allow any recording of their efforts. In the typically red community of Scottsdale, we spotted a fair number of Harris signs amid the many homes with Trump yard signs. Supporters on both sides are trying to stay optimistic. I have a little trepidation about Arizona as a whole. I'm hoping that we have a large part of the Native American population come out to vote because that made a big difference last time. I think both candidates have been here and pushing hard for Arizona but it's really hard to say. No prediction. I think it's hard for anybody to predict right now. As many Americans know, current polling shows a race too close to call in Arizona. Four years ago, Arizona was the first state called for Joe Biden in a race decided by just 10,000 votes, the slimmest margin in the country. With about 60% of the state's population, Maricopa County always decides the outcome in Arizona. Election officials are already warning. It may take up to two weeks to tabulate ballots this time as they adhere to new voting laws passed since the highly questioned result in 2020. Now, according to the Harris campaign, more than 130,000 volunteers signed up to help with the canvassing across the state. However, election officials say Republicans have an advantage of over 89,000 when it comes to early ballot returns so far. Markey? All right, Nancy Lou, thank you so much live from Phoenix this morning. Thanks for watching everybody. Go to joinnn.com to find News Nation on your television provider. Also, don't forget to click that red subscribe button below to get more of News Nation's fact-driven, unbiased coverage.