 the state of Arizona. They're going to be able to do that. We are now just one week away from the presidential race and both candidates are making efforts to boost support with women. Fox's Kennedy Hayes is live in Phoenix tonight with more on the gender gap and why the female vote in Arizona is crucial. Mark and Christina, voter momentum is strong. Maricopa County has already collected more than one million ballots. That's nearly half the county's 2.6 million registered voters according to the Maricopa County Recorder's office. And new Fox News power rankings out today. Tracking the presidential race in the battleground state shows Trump has some momentum in Arizona. Arizona moves from toss-up to lean Republican. Last night, RNC co-chair Laura Trump hosted a Team Trump women's tour event. She encouraged early voting and said women should get Trump's vote. We've been at the RNC since March. Certainly we have one of the same great things for this country for women and men. We want equal opportunities. We want to make sure that every American has their shot at the American race. We want to make sure that every American has their shot at the American Dream. And I think we continue to reach out to women for the duration of the entire campaign. Trump and Harris campaigns are racing to close the gender gap before their campaigns close. Both parties are making efforts to boost support with women. The latest Fox polls show Vice President Kamala Harris having the edge over former President Trump with women 53 to 45 percent. Trump leads over Harris with men 55 to 44 percent. Gwen Walls is in Phoenix today campaigning for Harris's campaign. She's also a member of the Democratic Party today campaigning for Harris and her husband Tim Walls. She held a one week out early vote event highlighting their campaigns push for reproductive rights. Arizonans, we have a chance to vote yes on Proposition 139 and you certainly should. Absolutely. But make no mistake, if Trump imposes his 50 state abortion ban, those protections disappear. Today is the deadline to mail in your ballot and Thursday both candidates will be campaigning in the state. In Phoenix, Kennedy Hayes, Fox 10 News.