 Good evening and thanks so much for joining us for 12 News at 6, I'm Katty the Divine. And I'm Troy Hayden and for Mark Tonight, Arizona voters were anxious to get their early ballots for this big November election and now almost halfway through this early voting period we are getting some results. 12 News journalist Bram Resnick has more. Republican voters got new instructions. Why did you vote early this year? Honestly because Donald Trump told me to. Are Arizona Republicans listening? New data shows their early voting pace has slowed down from 2020 when they were urged not to vote early. But GOP voters have turned in more ballots than any other voters. Republicans have realized you can't give the other competitor 28 days, 30 days to vote and leave it all to one day. According to Uplift campaigns, early ballot returns statewide show Republican voters have turned in more than 214,000 early ballots. But that is down 7.2% from the same point in 2020. On the Democratic side, more than 179,000 ballots have been returned. That's down a whopping 46% from 2020. And independent voters are also lagging. More than 106,000 ballots returned off 32% from four years ago. So what should we make of these early returns? For one thing, they don't tell us how the election will turn out. Let's turn back the clock to 8 p.m. on election night 2020. Let's go to Bram Resnick with a first glimpse of how Arizonans have voted. So a few moments ago I cautioned you that we might see a blue mirage in the first result. So keep that in mind. The blue mirage was Democrat Joe Biden's huge 11-point lead over Republican Donald Trump after the first batch of early ballots were counted. Republican voters have been told to shun early voting. Biden did win after all the votes were counted, but by less than half a percentage point. And a reminder, still eight days left until October 29th to mail in your early ballot to be sure it's counted. You can also take it to a ballot drop box or walk it in to a vote center. Bram Resnick, 12 News. Yeah, a lot of ways to get that ballot in, Bram. Thank you.