 All right, let's talk about the polarizing race for the White House with just 12 days left until the much anticipated presidential election. That race has now become a sprint. Vice President Kamala Harris bringing enormous star power under the campaign trail today in Georgia. And former President Donald Trump escalated his rhetoric about the border while in Arizona. Sandra Mitchell joins us live from the KTLA News Center with a closer look at the campaigns. Yeah, a dozen days to go and the dash is on. More than 30 million Americans have already voted. And you're right, some big names turning out for Harris today as Trump prepares for a popular podcast with 14 million followers. A rock star welcome for Kamala Harris in Georgia, the boss, Bruce Springsteen performing, and one of the biggest names in the Democratic Party, former President Barack Obama, energizing the crowd. My friend, the next president of the United States of America, Vice President Kamala Harris. I think it just shows the breadth and depth of the support that we have and also the enthusiasm. For both candidates, a campaign sprint in the closing days of the presidential election, the vice president warning about a potential second Trump presidency. His focused on the past and himself. The other hours focused on the future and you. Harris insisting she will make the economy stronger and unite the country. We have an opportunity before us to turn the page on the fear and divisiveness. For the fifth time in the past year, Donald Trump returned to border state Arizona to a big crowd in Tempe. Trump again warning the Biden Harris administration endangers Americans with lax border security. She has eradicated our sovereign border and she has unleashed an army of migrant gangs who are waging a campaign of violence and terror against our citizens. Trump calling increased immigration a betrayal, saying he would increase penalties for illegal immigrants who commit violent crimes and institute a mass deportation, saying it's time to clean up the U.S. We're a dumping ground. We're like a we're like a garbage can for the world. That's what's happened. We're going to win Arizona. We're going to defeat Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris will be in Houston tomorrow with superstar singer Beyonce. Donald Trump also in Texas tomorrow. He's going to appear on Joe Rogan's very popular podcast. In the news center, I'm Sandra Mitchell. Cher Rick back to you. All right, Sandra. Thank you.