 Welcome back everyone to Live Now from Fox. Appreciate you continuing to join us all in real time. I'm your host Mike Page. Thanks again for being with us this morning. I do want to go to some breaking news with the New York Times poll being released today and Trump is leading Harris in three battleground states. Let me read that out to you. As the former president Donald Trump leading Vice President Kamala Harris in these three crucial swing states according to this new Monday poll from the New York Times. So what states are they? Trump is leading Harris in Arizona by five points in a 50 to 45 percent spread and he holds a similar 49 to 45 percent lead in Georgia. Harris is closer to the former president in North Carolina. However, where the race sits 49 to 47 percent still Trump has that favor according to the poll. The Times conducted its poll from September 17th through the 21st surveying 2000 likely voters across all three states. Arizona and Georgia would be major victories for President Trump in the general election as both are states that President Biden won back in 2020. Arizona in particular represents a major swing toward Trump where a Times poll in August found Harris leading by five points. The Times survey comes days after a Fox News national poll found Harris leading Trump by two points in a 50 to 48 percent matchup. The new Fox News national survey found a three percentage point shift among registered voters in the 2024 presidential contest since mid August. Trump had a one point advantage back in August there. So we will continue to follow the latest as these different polls come out each week. Really every other day there should be a new poll considering the race that is getting so so close and when we talk about battleground states that is what is going to come down to these seven states in particular are going to make or break it for a particular candidate and we'll be continuing to track the latest polls. But you know what we've said it in the past. Polls don't mean anything until we get the election results coming in November. So we'll continue to track always the very latest for you. The polls will come out. We'll bring it to you. We're in the media. So we we bring you the news as it comes to us. All right everyone let's take another two minute break on live now from Fox. We are keeping an eye out in Alabama getting the latest on a mass shooting that happened over the weekend. Birmingham police will be giving this update coming up in moments. You're watching live now from Fox where we bring you live events top stories and when breaking news happens we've got you covered. We'll be back in just two.