 Election Day is tomorrow, and one of the main topics on the campaign trail has been the issues at the southern border. Potentially nowhere is that more of an issue than in the swing state of Arizona. Both candidates have campaigned on fixing the immigration crisis, although they have vastly different ideas on how. Correspondent Allie Bradley is live for us in Phoenix. Allie, is the border crisis the number one issue for voters there? A lot of people in Arizona talking about the border, same with other border states, Nicole. And yeah, this is the main topic for them because it directly impacts them every day. And both candidates talk openly about border security and expanding that security. However, former President Trump is a little more brazen in his comments and his plans. Of course, he's promising the largest mass deportation in American history, promising to go after people have a final order of removal and those criminals first. Meanwhile, Vice President Harris, she talks about the border security plans and passing that Senate bill. But she says that the border was secure for four years. So she's going to have to convince the American people that she is going to be tougher on the border when millions poured across it. So over the last few years, Arizona has taken some pretty big hits when it comes to the crisis. This is in the Yuma sector here that you're watching. This is in 2021. Migrants were waiting for so long for border patrol that they just began walking through the city looking for help. The regional medical center actually was sitting on more than 26 million dollars in uncompensated migrant care. And then last year in Lukeville, Arizona, thousands of migrants from Africa streaming across the border through holes that were cut in the wall by the criminal cartels. We know because we saw them doing it. At one point, we were standing there in front of more than 800 single adult men from Africa waiting to be transported and processed where they would likely be released with a court date in two to six years. Now, the majority of fentanyl sees last year also came through the Arizona corridors and immigration has had a profound impact on the economy.