 Seditious conspiracy is a very serious charge. It comes with a 20-year prison sentence, if convicted. And it's a charge now leveled against 11 members of the far-right Oathkeepers group, including the group's leader, for their alleged roles in the insurrection. But they weren't the only Oathkeepers at the Capitol on January 6th. Take this guy, Arizona State Representative Mark Finch, I'm a publicly elected official. In 2014, he wrote, quote, I'm an Oathkeeper committed to the exercise of limited constitutional governance. In October, ProPublica obtained a list of more than 35,000 members of the Oathkeepers among the current office holders on the list is Arizona State Representative Mark Fincham. During the January 6th insurrection, he was outside the Capitol. Journalist Nick Martin found this image that appears to show Fincham right in the middle of the mob as people surge up the Capitol steps. So you might think this Oathkeeper was at the insurrection, would be keeping his head down since then. Try to lay low and avoid attention. But you would be wrong. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Trump endorsed candidate for Arizona Secretary of State Mark Fincham. We know it, and they know it. Donald Trump won. With all the evidence we have, the Arizona election should be decertified by the, with cause by the legislature. This is how the people can get justice. Yes, you heard that right. That was the same Mark Fincham, who was at the Capitol on January the 6th, speaking this weekend at Donald Trump's big lie-filled Arizona rally. Yes, he is running for Arizona Secretary of State, where he would be in charge of the state's elections. And yes, he has the full and complete endorsement of Donald J. Trump. Elaine Godfrey was at Trump's rally this weekend, reporting on it for the Atlantic, where she described the event as the soft launch of Trump's second campaign and Tess Owen is a senior reporter at Vice News, where she's been covering right-wing extremism. Thank you both for joining me tonight. Elaine, let me start with you. Give me a sense of the atmosphere at Trump's crazy rally. Did it feel any different to the previous crazy rallies? Yeah, thanks for having me, Mehdi. So it was standard in a few ways. There were red hats, there was chanting, there was pointing and booing of the press where we were sitting. But it was different in a key way, which is that I think it felt, at least to me, a lot more sinister. I talked to so many people there and every person that I spoke with said that they did not think Joe Biden was the rightful president, that Trump actually won and the Democrats had stolen the election. And a few people went beyond that to say they truly and deeply believe that the 2020 election will be decertified in the next couple of years and Trump will be reinstated as president. And I know that we know this is true. You read stories like this all the time about people who believe this. But to be in a crowd surrounded by thousands upon thousands of them telling you the same thing, the same lies, it's really something else. It really does not bode well, and it just felt very sinister. Sinister, indeed. Tess, you've been reporting on the Oath Keepers Organization, which is a very sinister organization. How big and widespread is this group? How surprising is it to see a Trump endorsed Oath Keeper candidate for elected office? Thanks for having me, Nivi. And in terms of membership numbers, that's something that's a bit difficult to say because I always take membership numbers quoted by the leaders of the grain of salt because they tend to inflate them to make themselves seem more powerful. But I think one key thing is, as Elaine points down her dispatch from the Arizona rally, you know, the way to achieve legitimacy in the GOP these days is to rally behind Trump's election lies. And many people rallying behind Trump's election lies are conspiracy theorists like Vinchem, who have ties or even official members of extremist groups like the Oath Keepers. And, you know, the Oath Keepers have been very successful since they were founded in 2009 in recruiting, you know, law enforcement, military and state legislators. And so this has been a very troubling, sort of a troubling pattern that I think the relationship between kind of politics and extremism seems to have gotten stronger since January 6th, not weaker. Yeah. And we've seen that in places like Wyoming, where Liz Cheney's, one of the people trying to replace her, is supposedly an Oath Keeper member as well. Elaine, I want to play you a clip of Trump endorsed Arizona governor candidate Carrie Lake from that rally. Have a listen. Come to think of it, there's a few other people I'd like to send right down to the prison down here in Florence. Anybody who was involved in that corrupt, shady, shoddy election of 2020. Lock them up. You have candidates for office who are Oath Keepers. You have candidates for office threatening to lock people up. You have the crowd cheering and screaming. You have the big lie. It's all pretty fascistic, is it not? We should use the F word. Yeah, it's it is scary to stand in that crowd and hear them cheer for locking up poll workers and election officials from 2020. It was really jarring. And I cover this stuff for a living, and it still was was pretty unnerving to me. I mean, what do we make of that? Well, I think Carrie Lake is not the only one. There are so many Republican candidates running this year, including Mark Fincham, who you mentioned, who are running, who are saying the exact same stuff and who have a very good chance of winning in November. Arizona politicians, Arizona political leadership might soon be made up of these people. And I, you know, I was there on the ellipse for the Stop the Seal rally ahead of January 6th, 2021. I know what this kind of rhetoric can lead to, and it leads nowhere good. Sadly, it does tend to lead in one direction, a very dark direction. Tess, last question to you. You've covered this stuff for a living. You know, this stuff inside out. You've taken a lot of time out to really spend time getting to know these groups, covering these groups. The rest of the media hasn't. I mean, pre-January the 6th, most people have never heard of Oathkeepers or Proud Boys, maybe because Trump mentioned them. You know, the media was very busy for 20 years looking for jihadists under every bed. Did we drop the ball when it came to far right militias? I think there was a lot of good reporting around, you know, I think in like 2014 for salute. But I think it's not fair to blame the media for insufficient coverage. But I think there has been a sort of awakening across the board when people have seen, you know, on one hand, you have this extremist group whose leaders are facing conspiracy sedition charges and whose members were accused of using force to block Joe Biden from president. At the same time, the same group has recruited lawmakers as members and the leader of the Oathkeepers, Stuart Rhodes, was at CPAC in July. So when the space to pre-elected sedition and politics is so narrow, I think that is why that's getting so much attention now and what we have a real problem. Yeah, you wonder whether last week's indictment will be a wake up call. Let's see Elaine Godfrey, Tess Owen. Thank you both for your reporting and for coming on the show tonight. Appreciate it. Thank you.