 Governor George Lopez, thank you very much. I have been coming to Arizona since the 80s. Same hair, no. And I know what Arizona is, I know what Arizona can be, I know what the people of Arizona are, and the people of Arizona will put Tim Walz and Kamala Harris into the White House. When you look around in this room, this is what America looks like. Enough, enough lies. Donald Trump said he was going to build a wall, and George Lopez said, you better build it in one day because if you leave that material out there overnight. He also said that he was going to get Mexico to pay for the wall. I wish he would have asked me. We can't even really split a check at a restaurant, but you know, it sounded nice at the time. I have known Kamala Harris for 16 years, and she is the real deal. That is who she is. She comes from a great family, I knew her mother, they called her mommy, I called her, she said call me mommy, I said, I'd love to. A scientist, a five foot woman who said to her children when something didn't go their way, what are you going to do now? How are you going to handle that? All positive, all love. That's what you do when you're a great mother, and we're going to send her daughter, Kamala Harris, to the White House. A real family. I mean, I think you can have a family that gets along and not, you know, some kids that don't speak to you, I don't know. I also thought Donald Trump was a little Latino at first, I mean. I mean, he messed up the first time, and then he says, let me back in there, I'll do better. We're not going back! We're not going back! We're not going back! We're not going back! We're not going back! We're not going back! We're not going back! We're not going back! We're not going back! We're not going back! I have nothing against white people, I think they're amazing. When they're all white, not orange. I mean, turn over. My message is simple. We will put a teacher into the back. We will put a teacher in the White House. We won't put someone who thinks that the sound of windmills causes cancer. We're going to put a teacher in the White House. But the guy who thinks that windmills cause cancer wants to destroy the Board of Education. That's not going to happen. This is just the beginning of the greatest future this country has ever seen.