 We came in talking about Rusty Bowers. I know you've spent some time with him. Tell us his sort of state of mind. You know, I met up with him over this weekend here and he had an event with essentially family and friends. It was like a luau type of event. He showed up with an aloha shirt on and he was seemingly in good spirits. And when I asked him, like, I mean, essentially, how is he feeling here? He said, at this point, he's just gonna have fun with this year. I asked him ultimately come Tuesday night if he does lose to this Trump back challenger. You know, what will he tell me? And I think I believe we have that sound if we could play it. If you do not win on Tuesday, why will you not have won? Probably because I stood up. And when they asked me to tell the truth, I told the truth. I wasn't the... I didn't go looking for a fight. But the fact that I would break ranks and somehow find what the president, the former president did was unacceptable. That's like I broke some type of taboo. And I did break a taboo and it's kind of a cultic thing. You know, that you have to be in with the cult and here's our doctrine and you can't go beyond the doctrine. And let's be frank, Nicole, you can't get much more local than a legislative district race here. We have been talking for weeks about what Republican voters took away and what they thought of the damning evidence and the allegations laid out by those closest to Donald Trump through these public hearings from the January 6th select committee. Well, this is it. They're going to the polls. Rusty Bowers has a good likelihood of being ousted from office, but then ultimately not only Blake Masters, but also Kerry Lake, Mark Fincham, Abe Ahameday, who's running for attorney general. And I think to Tim's point, we were talking about the candidates that are not the Trump backed ones, but the ones that are in second and third place in polling. I mean, just take a look at the US Senate race. Mark Burnovich, he's the attorney general who you and I have talked about in the past of Arizona here. He did all he could to prove that there was fraud in the 2020 election. Used investigators from the Arizona attorney general's office to go sniff around and do the best to build up a report showing that Donald Trump actually won. He was not able to do so. And look where he is at. That doesn't mean that he is a part of, I think a mainstream or pro democracy wing of the Republican party here. That's why you didn't see the likes of, Doug Ducey who voted to certify the election here. He hasn't endorsed in the US Senate race. I had a conversation with former governor Jan Brewer, Nicole, and we were talking about Carrie Lake. She said that Carrie Lake is an extreme candidate. And if for anybody that was around 10 years ago in the state of Arizona, you had said Jan Brewer would be calling, another wing of the party extreme, it's telling you something. And I think that's also why Kelly Ward, who's the current chairwoman of the Arizona Republican party, I think she said it best last week at the rally as she introduced Donald Trump. She said that she was quote, a proud member of the orange mafia. That was the chairwoman of there as an Republican party. So fine. You're making such an important point. And I can't even think of the right out. It's sort of like Arizona calling, a summer too hot because I mean, it's hard to sort of put into context how radical you have to be to be considered radical by someone who was once nationally speaking outside the mainstream of the Republican party. But I want to play some of Carrie Lake. I know you've interviewed her as well. This is a little bit of her from a debate on June 29th. We did not need to wear masks all the way into the summer. You've called Joe Biden an illegitimate president. What does that mean? He lost the election and he shouldn't be in the White House. I believe life begins at conception. Okay, what do we do about abortion pills? What do we do about- I don't think abortion pills should be legal. That's a very- Not in Arizona. So, Vaughn, talk about where the race stands. Where her candidacy stands right now today. I think Carrie Lake is a good case study of the, I guess the mainstreaming of radicalization here. I mean, to catch everybody up on who Carrie Lake is, just over a decade ago, she donated to Barack Obama. She was a popular local news anchor here. And I've had conversations with those who were closest to her in her life. She has cut off her closest friends in this sort of transformation journey from becoming a Trump sympathizer, to a conspiracy theorist, to now a Donald Trump acolyte who calls for the jailing of Anthony Fauci, jailing of her Democratic gubernatorial opponent, Katie Hobbs, the jailing of elections officials. She calls me a propagandist. This is somebody who has completely transformed and radicalized and yet could be in charge of certifying the 2024 election here. She is the backing of Donald Trump, the backing of Paul Gosar, the backing of Mike Lindell. Those are the type of figures who she has aligned herself with. And it's important to note, she's running against Karen Taylor Robeson, who has spent more than $18 million compared to Carrie Lake's $3 million. And Karen Taylor Robeson may still vary not win this race. She has brought in the likes of everybody that she can to try to counter Carrie Lake. And yet that may not be enough. She could very well not only be the Republican nominee, Nicole, but we're looking at a strong reality that she could be the next governor of Arizona. Donald Trump lost the state by just about 10,000 votes. And if Carrie Lake is able to get those folks out in the rural part of state, who hadn't voted before until Donald Trump came along, but also win over so many folks like herself, who one time consider themselves moderates or even liberals or moderate Republicans to come over and embrace her here in the Maricopa County suburb areas, you're looking at a Governor Carrie Lake in 2023. Apolly because they did not, the educational events that Scholarship Foundation caused many. Or even some. Though any of that doesn't trigger the