 Hello everybody and welcome to my channel CanvaSync for Kamala Harris on the streets of Arizona. If you like the channel please subscribe and press the bell icon so you get updates and I do intend to bring some more videos to you. This is my first video in this series and what I want to share with you is the reality of actually CanvaSync for Kamala Harris on the streets of Arizona. My name is Sameer. I'm an independent voter here in Arizona which I think is going to be one of the most crucial states come November 2024 and may very well decide who the president is going to be. Arizona and of course there are some other critical states in play but we have to do our part here. So like you I have been bombarded with information from all sides. You watch Fox News, you watch MSNBC, you watch CNN and you get complete contradicting stories. So for a normal guy like me who has other things to do in life as well it's really difficult to tell fiction from facts. So I decided to go down to ground zero and actually talk to people on the street and see what sentiment exists out there. And that's my intent. I want to share with you the conversation that I'm having on the streets. I'm not going to share videos of people and so forth because people just don't open up. So what I did was I actually signed up as a volunteer for the Arizona Democratic Party and I've been phone banking with them. And I've also gone knocking at people's doors and talking to them. And those are the stories I want to bring to you. So like I said I'm independent and I actually voted for President Biden last time around. I have to say that this time my level of enthusiasm wasn't quite there. I still would have voted for him because voting for the other side was just not an option for me. And I know that if the other side wins it's the end of everything that this country stands for. It's the end of what I love this country for. So that's why I wanted to get out there and do what I had to do. So let me share with you some of my experiences from literally this morning. So myself and another volunteer we knocked at about 25 different homes, front doors in the Cave Creek area of Arizona. And we were basically asking for their support for Kamala Harris. First and foremost you know it was 110 degrees heat. And I have to say that everybody was really nice when they met us. They appreciated the fact that we were out there and getting the message out there and they offered us water and whatnot. So wonderful people. Thank you to all the Arizonians who we met today. So let me share with you three experiences just to kind of give you a flavor of what people are talking about. So the first lady we met was in a mid 40s. She's a registered independent and has previously voted for Donald Trump. She moved to Arizona from Pennsylvania where her entire family they are Trump voters. And this person I'm not going to name her. She categorically as categorically as you can said that she was not going to vote for Trump. And she will definitely be voting for Kamala Harris. Reproductive rights for women is one of the top issues. She's really passionate about it because she has one son and two daughters. And she thinks that voting the other way would absolutely be catastrophic for the future generation, especially women and her daughters. And she also shared with us that she has been actively speaking with her family in Pennsylvania and showing them what the other side is. And she feels confident that some of the people in a family would also probably be changing their vote to Kamala Harris and not vote for Donald Trump. So the second experience we had was meeting this wonderful couple in the 70s. They have a small business in Arizona and they have kids and grandkids. Grandkids are in the 20s and 30s. So they were very clear that the current Republican Party is not even close to the Republican Party they once knew. They said that they would vote for Kamala Harris for sure. And they also shared that their kids and grandkids had decided not to even vote in this election. They were just not interested. They wanted somebody young. And they said, we're just not going to vote for, you know, President Biden and Donald Trump because they were too old. And they just could not relate to them. But since Kamala Harris has become the candidate, they are all in. In fact, they said that we always go as a family and make it into an event and go and vote. So they're all in. The entire family is going to be voting for Kamala Harris. The last experience that I wanted to share with you was probably the best. So we knocked at the door and there was no one home. We were about to head out when the neighbor saw us and he came to check what was going on because he was watching his neighbor's house that we were knocking the door on. So he told us that the homeowners were out of town for a week and asked us what we wanted. So we shared with him. Turns out that he was a diehard and a Republican voter, registered Republican, and he's always voted that way. Then he also shared with us that this time it's going to be different. He said he was not going to vote for Donald Trump. He would vote for Kamala Harris. And he said he was disgusted. He literally used that word by what he's seeing. And he said, well, without naming the person, he said that person in the Republican Party is not going to get my vote ever. And he said he was very clear, his family was very clear that while they continue to be Republicans, but they would not vote Republican this time. And definitely voting Kamala Harris. So there you are. Real conversations with real people on the streets of Arizona. We'll be doing this again next week. It'll be a different neighborhood. And I'd love to share the stories with you because that's the reality on the ground. So I want to be able to tell my grandkids one day that I canvassed by knocking on doors. And I had a role in electing the first woman president of the U.S. If you want to be part of that history as well, you too can volunteer. Do whatever you can. You can go to events.democrats.org. So until next time, take care.