 Good evening. We begin with decision 2024 all eyes on Arizona this week Ballots will be mailed out on Wednesday and both campaigns will be here this week with early voting getting underway Thanks for joining us tonight. I'm Mark Curtis and I'm tram I cut eBay has the night off 12 news journalist Ram Resnick is joining us now to help break it all down for us. Bram And tram this is the week when voters start paying attention On the Democratic side the Harris walls campaigns get out the vote efforts started this past weekend with visits by Hollywood celebrities On Tuesday second gentleman Doug Emhoff will attend three events including a Republicans for Harris gathering on Wednesday the vice presidential nominees hit Phoenix Democrat Tim walls will appear at two closed events in the valley walls will then fly to a Tucson rally Republican JD Vance is speaking at a Mesa Church and on Friday Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris is expected to appear in the valley time and place to be announced No word yet on any events or Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Mark Bram a lot has been made about the Latino vote and I just read a new poll that saw showed that Kamala Harris is losing young male Latino voters How crucial is it for her to be able to sway? Undecided Latinos to join her with early voting getting underway. Well, this is such an interesting in some ways Confounding election. There are so many new voter groups There's so many shifts in voter groups and Latinos are one in particular Polling shows over the last four presidential cycles Latino voters the Democrats hold on Latino voters has been Slipping to the point now where it's about 52 percent for Harris 42 percent for Trump a 10 to 12 point difference Whereas several years ago 2012 was about 30 or 40. So that's a big challenge For Kamala Harris. She needs to win all the core democratic voter groups in addition to 10 to 15 percent of Republicans in Arizona in order to take the state that's because of Republicans general turnout advantage in general elections Bram I know another big debate that we will all be watching is coming up this Wednesday evening It's the US Senate debate between Reuben, Gallego and Kerry Lake. What can you tell us about that? What's your take? This will be really interesting This is the first and only chance voters will have to size up Kerry Lake the Republican Democrat Reuben Gallego Side-by-side you've seen plenty of their ads now. They're gonna be live on stage at 6 p.m. On Wednesday Going back and forth you can expect Kerry Lake to go hard at Reuben Gallego Polls show Lake trails by about 8 to 10 points kind of a shocking number We don't have anybody winning statewide races these days by 8 to 10 points. That's what the polling is right now Gallego has never really had a serious debate in his 10 years as a member of Congress He represents a safe district, so he's never been challenged in this way Again expect Lake to go hard at him and Gallego will just have to to weather the storm And get through it and hopeful known in his campaign's mind just survive with with a lead and we know that Obviously abortion will be a huge issue not only across the country but in Arizona where it may be Instituted into the state constitution on a permanent basis Kerry Lake stance on abortion has evolved since she first announced she was running How much of a factor do you think the abortion issue will be? I think it'll be a significant factor in the debate at least for Reuben Gallego He will hit her hard on that Kerry Lakes position has shifted over time It's kind of hard to say in fact where she is right now It's a significant issue about poll shows about 50 55 65 percent of Arizona voters will vote Yes on enshrining abortion rights in the state constitution So Lake will be put to the test on that all right bram Thank you and speaking of the two we will be airing the US Senate debate between Reuben Gallego and Kerry Lake Coverage starts at 5 45 p.m. With a debate preview on our 12 news plus streaming channel The debate will air on 12 news from 6 to 7 p.m. On Wednesday Our post debate coverage will stream on 12 news plus at 7 p.m To download the app just search for the 12 plus app on your Apple TV fire TV and Roku