 I just didn't feel like he was mentally capable to run this race and also, I mean, yes, I am Republican, but I also felt like it was also to a disadvantage for him and his party to also stay running. So it was kind of a win for both sides. I feel like the Democrats will probably not feel like that. But I do feel like that was probably the best decision. I never thought that he was fit to begin with, just because of his interviews and people talking to him. He's always lethargic or he can't answer questions straight and direct. He always has to have somebody in his ear, always has to have somebody direct to him. I just don't think he's fit for presidency. Honestly, it was kind of a little bit of a relief, not to be like, not to say that I'm against like the Democratic Party and stuff like that. I just don't think he was an ideal candidate for my generation and stuff. People across the country are reacting to the news that President Biden is stepping down from the 2024 race. And that includes voters in some key battleground states, many of them weighing Kamala Harris' chances of beating Donald Trump if she becomes the Democratic nominee. CBS News producer Elizabeth Campbell joins us now from Phoenix, Arizona. So Elizabeth, you were talking to voters there in the battleground state. What are you hearing? From Democrats, you're hearing an overwhelming sense of relief. But they say that they're hesitant about Vice President Kamala Harris stepping up in that role of running as president. They think she has an uphill battle ahead of her. Please listen to a little bit more of what those voters told me today. I do not. Again, she hasn't shown us her supporters of nub. I mean, we saw the most of her when she got voted in. So since she's been in this position, we saw her do a few fundraisers and that's it. I don't feel like she would also be like my vote and stuff like that. I don't feel like she would also hear me out either. I feel like I need somebody who hasn't been heard yet as my candidate. Now, Vice President Harris or any Democrat who claims to top the ticket is going to have a condensed period to try to sway over those undecided voters. On the other side, we saw a pretty unified Republican Party behind their candidate this past week at the RNC. What are you hearing from Republicans? Republicans we talked to today are just full of confidence. They say it doesn't matter who runs against the president, that they think that former President Trump has this on lock. Now take a listen specifically about what they had to say about whether Vice President Harris can defeat former President Trump. No, honestly, where has she been the last two years? We haven't heard anything from her and now she's going to run for president. It's kind of peculiar. So I don't I don't foresee much happening with that. I well, I still feel like Trump's going to do better. Just based off recent events, his polls are skyrocketing. And I think he's just already secured the presidency. And we've already seen those anti attack Kamala Harris ads here on the airwaves in Phoenix. So Republicans tell me they're not changing their strategy, but that they're ready to go. Senator Mark Kelly's name has been floated as a possible VP pick. What are you hearing? Oh, if I knew who she was going to pick, I'd be a much richer woman. We can report that CBS News is hearing that Senator Mark Kelly is in the discussion. What can you tell me about him? We didn't know that he is very popular. He has put out his support today for Kamala Harris. He has endorsed her. He has a record from both his time as an astronaut and here in a swing state. So he's certainly being looked at by many people in the inner circle. Is he also being looked at? I mean, I've seen a lot of Arizona local media. I'm from Arizona. I read a lot of what Arizonans are talking about. I've seen his name a lot in Arizona media. Is his name really like the inner circle in terms of the national politics as well? I think he's going to have some work to do there. I think no matter who the vice president picks, there is going to be some who they get to know as the vice president candidate. A lot of people outside of Arizona know him, of course, from his time as an astronaut. He likes to lean on that a lot. I think it is going to be him trying to remind people he has done what he has in the Senate and get Americans to recognize Senator Mark Kelly for the senator that he is. Elizabeth Campbell, thank you. Thank you. For more CBS News political contributor, Joel Payne joins us now. He's a Democratic strategist and chief communications officer for Move On. So, Joel, good to see you. What is your reading right now? Because if you listen to Democrats, everybody is united and everything is great. And if you listen to Republicans, Democrats are in disarray. Yeah, I mean, that's exactly what you would expect to hear on a day like today. I think the word that you cited or maybe it was your colleague who cited it was relief. And I do think a lot of Democrats are feeling relief. There is relief that this process of President Biden affirming his candidacy or affirming that he'll step aside from his candidacy is a relief. And I think also just the fact that there is a different choice now that Democrats have to make and not just based Democrats, but moderate voters, voters in the middle. Democrats are hoping to bring back into their coalition that they had in 2020 and they'd like to have again in 2024. There's just relief. One thing I think that's interesting here is that, you know, President Biden was somebody who really did not perform that well in the 2020 presidential Democratic primary. And essentially the party came together and said, you are the one who can beat Donald Trump. So we're going to get behind you. There was an interesting bookmark or coda to that over the last few weeks where you saw Democrats come together and say, unfortunately, President Biden, we don't think that this is your time and we think you need to pass the baton. And I can tell you so many Democrats I'm speaking to have so much gratitude and appreciation for President Biden for making that selfless patriotic decision. And I think you're going to hear a lot of love for President Biden in coming days and hours. That said, another race is just beginning. So what would be your advice to Democrats to counter GOP attacks, which we're already starting to hear? Well, I think Democrats almost have to like start anew. Like the campaign that was running until about one o'clock today doesn't exist anymore. There's a new campaign. There's a new person, presumably at the top of the ticket, assuming Kamala Harris is able to do as she said, earn and win the Democratic nomination. And I think a fresh message and a fresh unified approach to defining Republicans would be in order. I imagine a message that would work really well in this environment is turning the page. Now the age issue is on the other foot. It's an issue that Democrats are going to put Republicans on the defensive about because they want to elect the oldest president in the history of this country now as Donald Trump would be. And they want to go back to an era to somebody from the baby boomer generation. That is a decision that Republicans now are going to have to wrestle with making. And so I can tell you the Democrats I'm talking to are feeling good that they they have the high ground on some of those arguments. They kind of felt like they were disadvantaged about going into the last few weeks. Joel, Act Blue, which is a fundraising platform, has posted on X that grassroots supporters as of 9 p.m. Eastern have raised forty six point seven million dollars through Act Blue following Harris's campaign launch. They say it's the biggest fundraising day of the two thousand twenty four cycle. How does fundraising we know that you can only go as far as your dollars can take you? How big of a piece of the puzzle is fundraising? Yeah, to me, it's just it's an indicator of energy and what energy does energy brings friends to register and to vote energy. Knocks on doors. Energy makes calls. And that's what Democrats have sorely needed. The public opinion polls that we've seen, particularly the CBS polls where you've seen President Biden up until this point trailing Donald Trump. He's trailing with traditional Democratic constituencies. And it's because he could not get those groups excited and mobilized to show up. That's why his team tried to come up with that early debate idea last month, which obviously did not go the way that they planned. But I think now you're going to see Democrats get a fresh shot in the arm of energy. I imagine you'll see big fundraising numbers, not just on the official side with the Harris campaign and with Democrats up and down the ballot, but you'll also see it in outside groups who are going to be helping to define Republicans and helping to boost up and have the back of Kamala Harris. I think you'll see a fresh injection of energy. And I think the Democrats I'm talking to are hoping to go into the convention in Chicago next month with a lot of wind at their back, which will be a change because they've been on their heels the entire cycle. It seems like up until now. Joel Payne, thank you. Thank you.