 Just 12 days until election day and Vice President Harris is in battleground Georgia tonight to campaign with former President Obama after saying she thinks former President Trump is a fascist. Peter Alexander has late details. Vice President Harris tonight ramping up efforts to get out the vote. Joined by former President Obama and rock legend Bruce Springsteen, Michelle Obama on Saturday and Beyonce expected to perform at a Harris rally in Houston tomorrow. Harris is trying to hammer home what she argues is the contrast with former President Trump. Donald Trump will sit in the Oval Office, stewing, plotting revenge, retribution, writing out his enemies list or what I will be doing, which is responding to folks like the folks last night with a to-do list. At a televised town hall, Harris highlighting Trump's longest serving Chief of Staff John Kelly saying his former boss meets the definition of a fascist. Do you think Donald Trump is a fascist? Yes I do. Trump says Kelly was lying out of pure Trump derangement syndrome hatred. Harris says it's a warning. He's just putting out a 911 call to the American people. Harris was also asked about a frequent Trump criticism of her that she's had nearly four years to make the changes she's now calling for. Why wasn't any of that done for the last four years? Well there was a lot that was done but there's more to do Anderson and I'm pointing out things that need to be done that haven't been done but need to be done. And she was pressed for specifics on a border wall. She now backs a bill that funds some new construction but she previously called a wall stupid. So you don't think it's stupid anymore? I think what he did and how he did it was did not make much sense because he actually didn't do much of anything. But you do want to build some wall? I want to strengthen our border. Meanwhile polls show the Vice President is facing an enthusiasm gap with black men. In Philadelphia we met Harris supporter Jeremy Page. What is it about Kamala Harris that has you backing her so strongly? It is her being an advocate for small businesses and for economic development. Gary Blasingale is voting for Trump. I like the way he speaks his mind. He says what everyone is thinking. But Harad remains undecided. This is one of the few elections where I actually feel like we have been valued as black men. But here in Georgia more than 2 million people have already cast their ballots in person a record and a third of all the active voters in this state. Lester. All right Peter thank you. Former President Trump is in Arizona making controversial comments about the special counsel. Garrett Hank joins us. Garrett you're at Trump's rally tonight. Lester the former president was heavily focused on the border and the economy here. Issues he believes will propel him in Arizona and many campaigns later tonight in Nevada. Tonight with less than two weeks to election day former President Trump hitting critical battlegrounds including the campus of Arizona State. I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. And overnight in Georgia. I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? A new poll shows Trump going into the final stretch leading Vice President Harris by two points nationally within the margin of error and showing most Americans 54 percent disapprove of Harris's job performance as vice president while 52 percent approved of Trump's performance as president. This morning a clearly confident Trump making a controversial vow to fire special counsel Jack Smith moments after taking office. Oh it's so easy. So easy. I would try him within two seconds. Saying he does not believe the House even if controlled by Democrats would impeach him for a third time. No I don't think they'll impeach me if I fire Jack Smith. Jack Smith is a counsel. Smith who was appointed by Attorney General Merrick Garland is prosecuting two cases against Trump. One over his efforts to overturn the 2020 election. A second case involving Trump's handling of classified documents was dismissed by a Trump appointed federal judge. A decision Smith has appealed. The Harris campaign responding quote Donald Trump thinks he's above the law and that a second Trump term where a more unstable and unhinged Trump has essentially no guardrails is guaranteed to be more dangerous. Trump has called Smith's prosecutions political pointing to a recent statement by President Biden. We got to lock him up. The White House says the president was just referring to politically defeating Trump. He's not allowed to say that. He's such a stupid guy. Here's the truth. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that. The White House says the president is not allowed to say that.