 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you I'm a lady, I'm not a man, M-E-C is my ambition, I can't deny something, make sense. I'm a lady, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I can't deny something, make sense. I'm a lady, I'm not a man, I can't deny something, make sense. I'm not a man, I'm not a man, make sense. I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I can't deny something, make sense. I'm a lady, I'm not a man, I can't deny something, make sense. I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I can't deny something, make sense. I'm moving from the L3 down to my toes, I'm a lady, I'm not a man, I can't deny something, make sense. I'm a lady, I'm not a man, I can't deny something, make sense. I'm moving from the L3 down to my toes, I'm not a man, I can't deny something, make sense. I'm a lady, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm a man, I can't deny something, make sense. I'm a lady, I'm not a man, I'm a man, I can't deny something, make sense. I'm a lady, I'm a man, I'm a man, I can't deny something, make sense. I'm a lady, I'm a man, I'm a man, I can't deny something, make sense. I'm a lady, I'm a man, I'm a man, I can't deny something, make sense. I'm a lady, I'm a man, I can't deny something, I'm a man, I'm a man, I can't deny something, I'm a man, I can't deny something. I'm a lady, I'm a man, I'm a man, I can't deny something, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I can't deny something. I said I said to get the woman, she took my heart weight. She said I've had her coming to me, but I wanted it that way. I think that any love is good love it. So I took what I could get. She looked at me with big red eyes and said, she's nothing yet. Baby, you're just aging into nothing yet. There's something that you're never gonna forget. Baby, you're just aging into nothing yet. Nothing that you ain't been around. That's right. She took me to her doctor and he told me I was yours. She said I had her coming to me, but I wanted it that way. She said I had her coming to me, but I wanted it that way. She looked at me with big red eyes and said, she's nothing yet. Baby, you're just aging into nothing yet. There's something that you're never gonna forget. You know, you know, you know, you're just aging into nothing yet. Please welcome your friends, Los Tigres del Norte. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.ray Como preciómero, entro des tanto en la sío. B nando mio cuerda pasta yor. Yo quelon con la se de oro. No de tu de ser de preció. Tu chamigo. E busaría que regresado, muy biramigo. What are you talking about, Jack? I don't want to go back to Mexico. No way. Me su un cos no hablanco nigo. O tri dio mana prendido yo tanto el español. Pien San con Americanos. Niegan que son mejicano, un quetengal mi color. De mi traban cuámí que me são. Yo no se lo que me passa, un que soy hombre dío vor. ¿Qué sin uzal pú a la calle? ¿Qué esté nó me lo que me hay? ¿Y me puedan me porque? ¿De que me siri baltinero? ¿Y puedo pú príxionero? ¿El prodesta gan másío? ¿Pem pomía puerda esta yor? ¿Y huen quela? ¿Cómo la se de oro? ¿Nó me puede se el príxio? Gracias. ¿Uche, gracias. Gracias. La ci Esto que dice, ¿Y esto que tien? ¿Vozo a cata la todo, dicé? ¿Une dós, tres, cuatro? ¿Vie, yo estó serada, ¿Cólte escandado? ¿A ver fíniste se vamenisto, ¿Cólte escandado? ¿Y rey pachía de la puerta? ¿Y gres? ¿Y se vamenisto, y se? ¿Ori tí tú spar? ¿Sestan, le se los tú? ¿Y estin el miedo? ¿Qué yo te iran? ¿Ori tú sáre que esta nún se rada? ¿Y se que se ya? ¿Vasbaby clarifructun, y compost and Every step. Puami Makiri. San Luis Torando. Whoo! Whoo-hoo! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Puami Makiri. Puami Makiri. Puami Makiri. Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Puami Makiri. Puami Makiri. Puami Makiri. Let's go! Let's go! Puami Makiri. Puami Makiri. Let's go! Whoo! Let's go! Americana sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh Eso un rondi en marcabo, en los kitangro mucho estado, bien esta quiellimbaso, soy estranque en tier, uno binguater de tener, soy umpre, travas gado. Y sino miente la historian, a ceces en tu en la prodian, la poder o san o sío. O meresque reros pallyenutes, indios vedos compir en tes, mez de la vos con espanol, y enchilos y coto mambo. Somos más america, somos más america, no piquer dico, bien los dado. Los comprado en tener o, tas agua del río bravo, y nos quitar una teca, no una míquar y sona y colorado. También por lo california, inebardo, con jus tambos de genera. El estado de guayómin, también o guar de batado. Yo soy la sandre del indio, soy la tino, soy en espíso, somos de todos coloras, y retado los ocis. ¿Qué le todo el vezino? Somos más americanos, somos más americanos, ¿Qué todístito los fringos? Y sinonliente la historián, a ceces en suen la glórian, del acto veros tambacion. ¿Hombres que re nos valientes, indios pedos complementes, mezcalo con español, y sinos stíco támano. Somos más americanos, somos más americanos, qué lígo, ¿Pían cloche a có? ¿Ochí si va gracias? Gracias. Gracias. Gracias. ¿Ucha gracias? ¿Uena stardes Arizona? Somos los tigres del Norte, y es uno nor estar aquí, para pollar a la hace presidenta, Harris, y algo vernador, Ting Wells. We are proud to be here in Arizona, supported by President Harris and Governor Wells. ¿E yo estiener nun plam para mejorar, esta paí, sí, y varno sácias de lante. Trump is ajena y vada projecto, y tí cinco, los quiero y varo al pasado. ¿Sú ver prezos, esejero, tres dejeros, tres de lechos. So, if you haven't voted already, tomorrow is the last day to vote in person. You can vote in any person tomorrow, or be sure to drop off your mail ballot off by election day. ¿Ciños el botado todavía mananes el ultimodía para botar en persona, en el periódo debutaciones anticipadas. Recuerda puedes botar manana, y a segura de carto voleta en un centro debutacion antes el día de las electiones. But that's not enough. Make sure your friends, family, coworkers, and anyone you know has a plan to vote by November 5th so that we make our voices heard in this election. ¡Anima todos abotar! ¡Cuando botamos! ¡Vamos a segir se le verando como a la esta tarde, y bien una cación bien un tema, que se a converti de un rindo músical para todo no soto, no latinos y todos que vivimos en este país. ¡Se llama! Gracias, America! Sí, fronteras! Now, for the best Mexican-American performance, the Grammy goes to Gracias America, Sí, fronteras, los Tigres del Norte. ¡Vamos a segir se la vida! ¡A de la cinero y músical, no del po Driftola hashis sentres Guarado en esALLos de muy upgrade SO ¡Cómo y có, de dío! ¡Dío son! ¡Día Día Día! ¡Sómo, ser mano! ¡Dío son! ¡Woo! ¡Día cintino con ombi! ¡Eco un púbir a tu haí! ¡Sá pechío y costa ríba! ¡Sá púbir a tu púbir a tu haí! ¡Mélis cédar y ope mano! ¡Mejito púbir a tu haí! ¡Sá púbir a tu púbir a tu haí! ¡Sómo, ser mano! ¡Sí, por perdío! ¡Tá borí say! ¡Y a manica! ¡Sá pada son dío, sá pada son dío! ¡Y oso! ¡Y a manica! ¡Y oso! ¡Tá dós! ¡Y a manica! ¡Y oso! ¡Y oso! ¡Y oso! ¡Y oso! ¡Y oso! ¡Y oso! ¡Y oso! ¡Y oso! ¡Y oso! ¡Y oso! Now, for the best Mexican-American performance, the granny goes to Gracias America, Dinas Longueira, Don Tigres del Norte. Gracias! Gracias! ¡Sá nombre, dío primar mala no atéria, ¡Hos carmanas! ¡Róbe de germano, Luis Hernandez! Gracias, Arizona! ¡Todos univas, son cabana! ¡Todos, todos! ¡Hos! ¡Nombre de germano, ¡E tuar cuernantes! ¡Jagrácias, papa ¡Vamos tabalas! ¡Vamos tabalas! ¡Y sejos! ¡Oso, como pana, tatiana. ¡Sos, dorido. ¡Hío! ¡Hío, el també! ¡I que en de sabla! ¡El ultimoyos, sus amigos, ¡Jor germanes! ¡Un, mijón de gracias! ¡Gracias! ¡Vamos calubade! ¡abelo, HoyUF! Come on, buddy. Whoo! Gracias! Gracias. Gracias. Gracias. Gracias. Gracias. Go, Cheers! makes me want you more. And it's new, the shape of your body is new, the feeling I've got in it. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, summer. It's cool, that's what I tell no rules, and we don't have enough. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, summer. With you. Bring your head low in the glow of a vending machine. I'm not dying. We say that we'll just screw it up in these trying times. We're not trying to get the headlights. Summer's a knife. I'm always waiting for you just to cut to the moon. Grab those roller lice, and just roll your eyes. And if I bleed, you'll be the last to know. Oh, it's new, the shape of your body is new, the feeling I've got in it. It's a cruel summer. It's cool, that's what I tell no rules, and we don't have enough. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, summer. With you. I'm drunk in the back of the car, and I cried like a baby coming home from the bar. Said I'm fine, but it wasn't true. I don't want to keep secrets just to keep you alive. I'm stuck in the garden gate every night. That's so much to steal my faith. I scream for whatever it's worth. I'm all I feel, and that's the worst thing you ever heard. Hey, look so pretty like a devil. It's new, the shape of your body is new, the feeling I've got in it. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, summer. It's cool, that's what I tell no rules, and we don't have enough. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, summer. I'm drunk in the back of the car, and I cried like a baby coming home from the bar. Said I'm fine, but it wasn't true. I don't want to keep secrets just to keep you alive. It's not you, the garden gate every night. That's so much to steal my faith. I scream for whatever it's worth. I'm all I feel, and that's the worst thing you ever heard. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, but I'm arriving. She's smooth sailing, these kind of sweet seas. Now she headed east down the bullet, the vase. Sure, said I like the way, said I like the way. You share your ship now, and there'll be no problem. I won't wear you down, and no, honey, I won't wear you down. I don't really know her destination, but I got a feeling I need to be her passenger. She could let me be your passenger. Sure, said I like the way, said I like the way. You share your ship now, and there'll be no problem. I won't wear you down, and no, honey, I won't wear you down. She's smooth, smooth sailing. Smooth sailing, yeah. She's smooth, smooth, darling. Sweet pretty baby, won't you be my lady? Uh-huh. Sweet honey, darling, you know I'm calling. I want you. Sure, said I like the way, said I like the way. You share your ship now, and there'll be no problem. I won't wear you down, and no, honey, I won't wear you down. She's smooth, smooth sailing. Smooth sailing, yeah. She's smooth, smooth, darling. Sweet pretty baby, won't you be my lady? Uh-huh. Sweet honey, darling, you know I'm calling. I want you. Sure, said I like the way, said I like the way. You share your ship now, and there'll be no problem. I won't wear you down, and no, honey, I won't wear you down. Today I woke up in a good mood for once. The first time in six months, I don't hate you as much. You went there in my dreams, I could finally sleep. I felt good, but it sucks. I don't hate you too as much. It's easier holding my crush. I'd rather be angry than curse. I'm doing so much. I took too much. I'm back where I started again, crying and calling my friends. This never ends. I get so sick of myself, can't stop overthinking. I heard you're happy somewhere else, but I don't want you to laugh. I get so sick of myself, can't stop missing. I heard you're happy somewhere else, but I don't want you to laugh. I still see your face, I hate hearing your name. What a reckless shame I'm replaying that day. You called me an angel, we saw and prayed just to ask for more space. You're my biggest mistake. It's easier holding my crush. I'd rather be angry than curse. I'm doing so much. I took too much. I'm back where I started again, crying and calling my friends. This never ends. I get so sick of myself, can't stop overthinking. I heard you're happy somewhere else, but I don't want you to laugh. I get so sick of myself, can't stop missing. I heard you're happy somewhere else, but I don't want you to laugh. I get so sick of myself, can't stop overthinking. I heard you're happy somewhere else, but I don't want you to laugh. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It is good to see you all. Good to see everyone. What a great concert. I had flashbacks to Saturday morning and the smell of pine soil. My mom told me, wake up and start cleaning. If you're Latino, you know what I'm talking about, right? Look, in the last week, I've been crisscrossing this day. Peace and Prescott Yuma San Luis. And let me tell you, Arizonans are ready to make their voices heard. For those who don't know me, I'm Proven Gallego. I'm a dad, a husband, a son of immigrants, a congressman, and a proud Marine, but even prouder, Arizonan. And hopefully in just five days, five days, your next United States senator and the first Latino senator in the history of Arizona. For 22 months, I've traveled this state, and I've gone everywhere, and I talk to everyone because I'm running to represent all of Arizona, Republicans, Democrats, and independents alike. Yo voy a ser buenas nador por todo el estado, because here's what I know, and here's what I've learned, that we all have so much in common. We all want to defend our freedoms, including the right to an abortion. We want to take care of our seniors and our veterans, and to give our kids the best possible future. Todos queremos un futuro bueno para nos un niños. This is what this campaign is about, and that is why I'm running to represent you. I first ran for office 15 years ago, and I've been fighting for Arizonans ever since, in the state house, then in Congress. But before that, I signed the dotted line at the age of 20 and joined the United States Marine Corps. There's always some Marines in the crowd, right? I wanted to serve the greatest country in the world, the country that gave me a shot at the American dream, that gave my whole family a chance to truly live and thrive. Because only in America can a kid who slept on the floor and only got a bed when I got to my first college dorm room bed, can someone like that run to represent this state in the Senate. Only in America, only in America can four children raised by an immigrant single mom and a secretary Sally grow up to become teachers, a doctor, a businesswoman, and soon to be a senator, only in America. And so the mente in America, whether we need you to win a family, my granddad, he poured it. He took it. He had to work hard and cut it. He could see the construction, the school scene, and the factorials that got me. Well, you got a esta sutacion and gave it to a key or holla in single asset. So, Senator, that is why I'm running. This is why I'm running, because every kid in Arizona deserves the same chance to make it that I had. They all deserve that chance. So for my daughter, Ayla, who deserves the same rights that her grandmother had, let's fight for mine, for moms like mine who fought just to survive another day for her kids to make it into the future, let's fight. For my son, Michael, who deserves the brightest future I can get him, let's fight. For all of us new family, we are all here. So, Arizona, we have a few more days to go. So get in the fight. Make your voices heard. My wife, Sydney, and I proudly voted just a few days ago. That feeling of taking action to build a better future for my kids, for your kids, it does not get any better than that. Five days, Arizona, it's time to get the job done. Arizonans are already voting, but we need to push a little more, work a little harder, and run through that finish line. So here's what we're going to do. Vote. And vote now. Drop off your ballot or vote in person. And then go tell your friends, your family, and your neighbors to do the same. And then when you're done, go knock some more doors. Make some calls, whatever it takes. Pero el tiempo de botar es hoy. Entrega tu vueleta, o us un plan para botar es cinco de no bienbre. Because if we do that, if we do that together, if we fight together, we can, number one, defeat Carrie Lake. Number two, defeat Donald Trump. Number three, fight for a better future. Because we are fighting to protect our democracy, our freedoms, and our future. And the only way forward, the only way forward is to elect Kamala Harris as our next president, and Tim Ross as our next vice president, and cast that vote now. Arizona, juntos vamos aganar. Gracias. Please welcome the vice president of the United States, Kamala Harris. Freedom, freedom, I can't move. Freedom, help me lose. Freedom, freedom, where are you? Because I need freedom too. I'll break chains about myself. But let my freedom ride in hell. Hey, I'm gonna keep on running, because the winners don't quit on themselves. You're running, Kamala. Hi, everyone. Thank you. Okay, we have work to do. Thank you. Thank you. Can we hear it for Ruben Gallego? And I've known Ruben a long time, and of course, Arizona knows him so well. He is a veteran of the Marine Corps, a proven leader, a champion for all of Arizona, and please send him to the United States Senate. So it's so good to be back in Arizona and Phoenix. Are we ready to do this? Are we ready to vote? Are we ready to win? Oh, it's good to be back and to be with so many incredible leaders. I love you back. I want to thank Governor Hobbs, Senator Kelly, Gabby Giffords, Mayors Gallego, Romero and Giles, Ambassador Jeff Flake. I am so grateful to all of you for your support. And to all the tribal leaders, the elected leaders, community leaders here today. I thank you. And let's hear it again for Los Tigres del Norte. Okay, work to do. So Arizona, tomorrow, Friday, November 1st. By the way, Happy Halloween. So tomorrow, Friday, November 1st, is the last day to vote early in person. And if you are voting by mail and still have your ballot, please take it to any drop box in your county or any voting location by 7pm on Tuesday, November 5th. And you can go to Iwillvote.com to get all the information you need. And to all the leaders here, please help spread the word on that. And we need you to vote Arizona because we have five days left. Five days left. In one of the most consequential elections of our lifetime, and we have work to do. But we like hard work. Hard work is good work. Hard work is joyful work. And make no mistake, we will win. And we will win because we know that it's very clear to all of us here, when you know what to stand for, you know what to fight for. And we love our country. And we love our country. And we know in this election, we have an opportunity to turn the page on a decade of Donald Trump trying to keep us divided and afraid of each other. We're done with that. We're exhausted with that. And we know, and we know that's who he is, but Phoenix, that is not who we are. That is not who we are. And it is time for a new generation of leadership in America. And I am ready to offer that leadership as the next president of the United States. And Arizona, many of you know me. I'm not afraid of tough fights. For decades, I was a prosecutor. I was the top law enforcement officer of the biggest state in our country. And I have won fights. I won fights against the big banks that ripped off homeowners, against for-profit colleges that scammed veterans and students, against predators who abused women and children. And we are fighting for democracy. And that's all right. That's all right. Democracy can be complicated, but we believe in democracy and the right of everyone to have their voices heard. It's all right. And I have fought for many who have harmed other human beings. I have fought against the cartels that trafficked in guns, drugs, and human beings. And it is my pledge to you that if you give me the chance to fight on your behalf as president, there is nothing in the world that will stand in my way. And look, we all know who Donald Trump is. This is not... Because here's the thing we all know. He is not someone who is thinking about how to make your life better. This is someone who is unstable, obsessed with revenge, consumed with grievance, and out for unchecked power. And in less than 90 days, it will either be him or me in the Oval Office. Yes, we're going to get this done. And I thank you, I thank you, and here's the thing. Because we're really clear and we can all picture it. We can picture the Oval Office, right? And if he is elected, on day one, Donald Trump would walk into that office with an enemies list. On day one, when I am elected, I will walk in with a to-do list. And on top of my list is bringing down... Si se puede, si. Si se puede. Yes. And on top of my list, in that spirit, is bringing down your cost of living. It's an issue that we need to address and it will be my focus every single day as president. I will give a middle class tax cut to over 100 million Americans. I will enact... I will enact the first ever federal ban on corporate price gouging on groceries. I will fight to make sure that hardworking Americans can actually afford a place to live. And if you are caring for an elderly parent... Look, I took care of my mother when she was sick. If you are taking care of an elderly parent, I understand what you are experiencing. And my plan will cover the cost of care under Medicare for the seniors in your life who need help and support. Because so much of my plan for me is about the dignity that all people deserve. Which is why my plan includes lowering the cost of child care, lowering taxes for small businesses, and lowering health care costs. Do we have small businesses in the house? I will focus on health care because this is where I come from. I believe access to health care should be a right and not just a privilege of those who can afford it. On the other hand, Donald Trump's answer to the... Hey guys, you know what? Here's the thing. Let's talk for a moment about Gaza. We all want this war to end and get the hostages out. And I will work on it full time when I am elected president as I've been. I have yours. So there's a contrast in this election on so many issues, including our plans for America's economy. Donald Trump's answer to the financial pressures you face is the same as the last time. Another trillion dollars in tax cuts for billionaires in the biggest corporations, and this time he will pay for it. And this time his plan is a 20% national sales tax on everything you buy that is imported. Clothes, food, toys, cell phones. A Trump sales tax, according to the Economist, would cost the average American family an additional $4,000 a year. And on top of that, Donald Trump still wants to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. And he has a powerful friend in Congress, the Speaker of the House, who recently said if Trump wins, there will be, quote, no Obamacare, which would throw, understand the meaning of that, it would throw millions of Americans off of their health insurance and take us back to the time which we remember when insurance companies could deny people with pre-existing conditions. Well, we are not going back. We are not going back. We're not going back. And we are not going back because ours is a fight for the future, and it is a fight for freedom. We are not going to like the fundamental freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government tell her what to do. How we got here Donald Trump hands elected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention that they would undo The protections of Roe v. Wade and they did as he intended and now in America One in three women lives in a state with a Trump abortion ban many with no exceptions even for rape and incest which is immoral and And and and and Donald Trump's not done did everyone hear what he just said yesterday? That he will do what he wants quote and here's where I'm gonna quote whether the women like it or not And Because this is the thing You know there's a saying that you got to listen to people when they tell you who you are who they are And this is not the first time he has told us who he is he does not believe women should have the agency and Authority to make decisions about their own bodies This is the same man who said women should be punished for their choices He simply does not respect the freedom of women or the intelligence of women To know what's in their own best interest and make decisions accordingly, but we trust women we trust women Which is why yes, we will vote because we also understand if he was elected He has been pretty clear in his behavior and his deeds. He will ban abortion nationwide He will restrict access to birth control put IVF treatments at risk and force States to monitor women's pregnancies, and you don't have to take my word for it. Just google project 2025 Read the plans for yourselves And I think everyone here knows that we can agree One does not have to abandon their faith or deeply held beliefs to agree the Government shouldn't be telling her what to do So Arizona to protect your right to make your own health care decisions I would recommend you vote yes on proposition 139 and Make sure you vote up and down the ballot to truly protect that right and It is my pledge to you when Congress passes a bill to restore Reproductive freedom as president of the United States. I will proudly sign it into law So Arizona I'm here to ask for your vote I Would be so honored to have and here is my pledge to you as President I pledge to you to seek common ground and common sense solutions to the challenges you face I Will tell you I am NOT looking to score political points. I am looking to make progress I Pledge to you to listen to experts to listen to those who will be impacted by the decisions I make and I pledge to you to listen to people who disagree with me and Unlike Donald Trump, I don't believe that people who disagree with me are the enemy Who he wants to put them in jail. I'll give them a seat at the table Because that's how a democracy works and that's how real leaders work And I pledge to you to always put country above party and above self and to be a president for all Americans that is my sincere pledge to you and So Phoenix with five days left in this campaign. My opponent is also making his closing argument to America and You've probably seen a bit of it. It is an argument that is full of hate and division He insults Latinos scapegoats immigrants and it's not just what he says. It's what he will do if Elected you can be sure he will bring back family separation policies Only on a much greater scale than last time and it is time then to turn the page on Donald Trump So five days out and it all comes down to this we are here together And you all have taken time out of all the demands on your life and your busy schedules You have taken the time to be here because I know we all love our country We love our country And when you love something you fight for it you fight for it And with that spirit and with this spirit we know that one of the highest forms of patriotism The love that we have for our country is to then fight for its ideals and to fight to realize The promise of America. That's what this is about and I have always believed in our nation's promise Because I have lived it. I grew up as a child of the civil rights movement my parents would take me to marches when I was in a stroller and People during that time would come together from every walk of life Together from every background every race and come together to fight for freedom and opportunity Growing up When I was growing up I saw how hard my mother worked to give her two daughters the same chances our country gave her and I was blessed To have family by blood and to have family by love who instilled who instilled in me the values of community and compassion and faith I've spent my life Fighting for people who have been hurt and counted out But never stopped believing that anything in our country is possible I have lived the promise of America and today I see the promise of America in everyone here in all I the promise of America in the women who refuse to accept the future without reproductive freedom And the men who support them In the fathers and mothers who work hard every day for their children's future In Republicans who have never voted for a Democrat before but put the Constitution of the United States Before party and I see the promise of America in all the young leaders who are voting for the first time Where are you? Let me see you? And I love this generation of leaders you are rightly I Mean you guys are rightly impatient for change And you are determined to live free from gun violence to tackle the climate crisis To shake the world you inherit and For our young leaders, here's the thing. None of this is theoretical for them. It's not political For you all it is your lived experience And I see you and I see your incredible power and I am so proud of you So can we hear it for the first time voters who are here? Although why aren't you guys in class? So Arizona we have five days to get this done and no one can sit on the sidelines Let's spend the next five days so that when we look back on these five days, we'll know we did everything we could So let's knock on doors. Let's text and call voters let's reach out to family and friends and neighbors and co-workers and classmates and As we do here is my request Let us please be intentional about building community Let us be intentional About building coalitions, you know, there's been so much about these last several years That is making people feel alone Making people point their fingers at each other as though we're not all in this together So let's approach this with the spirit that is about bringing folks back together and reminding everyone The vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us. So let's approach it that way Let's approach it that way. We will be the stronger for it And always remember your vote is your voice and your voice is your power So Arizona today I ask you are you ready to make your voices heard? Do we believe in freedom Do we believe in opportunity Do we believe in the promise of America and are we ready to fight for it? And when we fight we will bless you and God bless the United States I Need I'm a keeper running cuz the winner don't quit on themselves I'm