 th th very very very very very very very very very very very very very very good I'm on the board. So you played with Mike? Well, it was good. You're on the board of Mike Senior? No, for the whole black concert. Oh, I heard you just said, I think we're okay. Yeah, we're good. You come sway with us, I want to do it. All right, we'll see. I will. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it. Oh, God, I'm on it. You know, you look tired. I said, I don't have a chance to look tired. He knows what to say. I want to thank everybody very much, uh, it's an honor to be with you. And, uh, Rick has been with me right from the beginning, and Rick Rinel, and he's been terrific, and Robert, and the whole group of the people at the table, they're friends, Mike has been, well, we had a little rough early, early stuff. But after that, it became great. So it couldn't be better. And Glenn, I've watched Glenn for a long time. And he's one of the few that left and decided to do something else and did well. Even better. I appreciate it. I appreciate it very much. So we're here. We have a big crowd. Last night, we had a phenomenal situation. I think a lot of you watched in California, Coachella. And we had, I think, 101,000 people. And it was big. Even the owners said, this is some big crowd. And I didn't have a guitar. Usually they have guitars to get those crowds. And they don't get them as big, but we had a great time. And the polls have been very good. I would say, as Glenn would say, we're trending up quickly. And it's been pretty steep and pretty good. And we're leading. We're leading in all depending on which one, but almost all of the swing states. We're leading in some nationally. And a lot of people say you have to add five or six because I poll. That's the way I poll. It's always nice when you can sort of be tied or lead one. And they say, sir, you're actually eight up. But we're doing well. And there's the response, the spirit's stronger than it's ever been. We did great in 2016. We did even better in 2020. I had to say it, but we had many millions of votes more. You know that better than anybody. But this is blowing both of them out. This is the level of spirit mic is stronger now than it's ever been, Rick, would you say? And we've never had anything like it. It's been amazing. The rallies are the biggest we've ever had by far. And then, of course, we had the Butler situation. But there's two butlers. We had two butlers. We had the one from two weeks ago where we had well over 100,000 people come to the middle of Pennsylvania. It was incredible. And then we had the first butler. And that was a big crowd too. But that was interrupted. And again, the spirit. We lost a great person. Cory was a great person. And we were able to raise a tremendous amount of money for his family, which is great. And two other people were not expected to make it. And then tremendous doctors in Pennsylvania, local doctors, country doctors that were really they were amazing. They did a great job. They saved them. Both of them are living and they're going to be fine. Still recovering, but they're going to be fine. And two very great people, actually, all very much into the MAGA movement, the greatest movement that has ever been in this country by far. There's never been a way. You just have to look outside and see the kind of audience here. We could have sold that thing out four times. And it's pretty big. It's, again, a lot of the many thousands of people, but we could have sold it out many times. I would say Rick, in almost every case, we can sell it out many times. We had two months ago, we were in the Nassau Coliseum, which is essentially the size of Madison Square Garden, the big arena. And we had that packed and we could have sold that one out a couple of more times. So it's been interesting. We just signed Madison Square Garden. We'll do Madison Square Garden. I would think it's a very big venue. It's the same size as Nassau Coliseum actually going. We've already got thousands, tens of thousands of requests. We're trying to get the arena in Pennsylvania and a couple of others arena, including Atlanta. We think we're gonna get the arena in Atlanta. And it seems to work well with this. You have to be able to fill them and we seem to fill them very fast. Within literally within hours, they're sold out. So there's something happening and it's great. And for the people with Latter Day Saints, and I will say that I think I'm at 88% in terms of level of popularity or whatever you wanna call it. And some of the basic things if you talk about constitution is hanging by a thread and it is our constitution is hanging by a thread. And we can't let that happen. And they come up with all sorts of nonsense with I'm a threat. They're a threat to democracy. They are a serious threat in two ways. Number one, they're grossly incompetent. And number two, they're just a threat. What they do is incredible with the weaponization of government. There's never been anything like it. And this is a situation that's, I think I've handled it well because we've actually gone up. I don't think plan I'd be as high as I am right now. But the people have rejected them. And just like they rejected Joe Biden, who had 48 million votes. I'm not a fan of his, but he had 14 million votes all of a sudden we're running against somebody else. You were saying. I was gonna say also the Supreme Court has been very brave and very brilliant. And Glenn's just saying they rejected the Supreme Court rejected them. And there is a new phenomenon. These are vicious people. And they play the ref. And they do it with judges all the time. I see it all the time. They'll take a brilliant judge and they'll go after them. They'll mock them. They'll scorn them. They'll say they move too slowly and this and that. And it's a shame. It's a shame. I don't even know if that's really legal if you think about it. But they go after them in a concerted way. And they go after Supreme Court justices. They went after the judge in Florida who's brilliant, who by the way is brilliant. And does move quickly and did move quickly. And they went after her in such a vicious way. What they do is they demean and they mock. And even if it has nothing to do with the fact, which it generally doesn't or really doesn't. And there has to be a law against it. But they do it with the Supreme Court justices. I think they have been so brave and brilliant and brave. And not necessarily just the ones I put on, you know, we had six votes. We even had nine votes in one case. We had nine votes on the Colorado decision where they wanted to take me off the ballot. They had no reason for doing it, but they wanted to try and take me off the ballot. And that was caused by the governor of Colorado who's a radical left lunatic. But he was rejected even by the other three. I mean, it was a terrible thing that they did. Because if that would have happened, then we would have had all different system. But it was a nine to nothing vote. So we have to be careful with that. The family is the foundation of the really successful and prosperous society. I think it's important to know that. And I wrote just a couple of things then and I'm looking at that and I'm comparing it to what the Latter Day Saints think and liberty. We want our peace. We want our wives and children's futures. We want our freedom to worship. I mean, the things that people should want, everybody should want. These are staples for the Latter Day Saints, but everybody should want. We are polling very good with LDS. We're polling very, very well. If we get another point, if we get another point or so, I think we're probably gonna win easily. We're gonna win Arizona, we're gonna win Nevada, the two states we're talking about. In Utah, we're doing great. We're way up like 25, 30 points. We should be in good shape. I don't wanna talk about it too much. We should be in good shape. You have a very good governor. The governor and I really have developed a very good relationship, doing a very good job. But if we win Arizona and if we win Nevada, if we have a very good governor there too, he's doing very, very, very committed. We're gonna have a, if we can pick up an extra point, two points, and the Latter Day Saints are gonna have a lot to do with it. So we can get the numbers up and I wanna thank you, fellas. The job you've done is fantastic. But if we can get those numbers up, two points you would tell on me, right? It makes us pretty much unbeatable in those two states, and that's why we're here. And then I'm also here to make a little bit of a speech, and I hope you're gonna come out and listen, and be who you've been having a very good time. Somebody said, you enjoy doing it? I said, I don't know why, but I do. And the reason I do is there's a lot of love in there. Look at the arms in this guy. I'm not gonna fight with him. I'm not fighting with that guy. Anyway, thank you very much for being here, fellas, look at these guys. But if you have any questions, I'd love to answer them.