 Every single week before the election, we are on the road for our series, three meals talking to voters over breakfast, lunch, and dinner, three squares. With election day now two weeks away, today we are heading to Arizona, the only battleground state on the southern border, to focus on the issue of immigration. The latest CBS News polling shows that former President Donald Trump has a slight edge over Vice President Kamala Harris in the state of Arizona, but it's all within the margin of error. Ed O'Keefe found that few voters are undecided when it comes to the hot-button issue of immigration. The sun is rising on the southern border near Sassebay, Arizona, illuminating this glaring gap. Where this section of border wall built during the Trump years abruptly ends, he lost before it could be completed, cartels who often abuse and exploit migrants then leave them here at the doorstep of America. When we were driving up, they thought we were the border patrol. We asked, why brisket with her son and daughter, who's just three, to give them a better life. Oh, the hot chocolate. At this rugged camp along a remote part of the border, breakfast is free. Burritos cooked on a camp stove by Pastor Randy Mayers, the first meal in America for about 35 migrants from Mexico, Bangladesh. It was an even farther trip for this group from Cameroon. Did you have a burrito? When was the last time you would have eaten? So this used to be a pretty active spot where people would cross. Mayor and ordained minister makes this dusty two-hour drive each week with the aid group he founded, the Green Valley Swahida Samaritan. Jesus went to the margins. We're coming to the border because this is an incredible wound. Within an hour, border patrol agents drive into view and begin processing the migrants. Pass a little part of that, man. Mayers says most here will be deported within a day. Are you going to vote? Yeah, I'm going to vote, but I can guarantee you, whoever wins, I'm going to ride their ass. Mayers says he's backing Vice President Harris. Clearly, the rhetoric one of the candidates has is pretty ugly and cruel. But from my perspective, both parties are using the border and immigration as just a political wedge. We left the border to take the temperature of other Arizona voters on immigration. A few hours north, Metro Phoenix rises out of the desert in Maricopa County, the largest swing county in the whole country. In Old Town Scottsdale, it's Taco Tuesday at Cienagaves. And we found more than just the Diablo Shrink, sizzling. The immigration, of course, remains a hot-button issue down here because you guys have the border. You guys see it more than most. What makes most sense to you? They shouldn't have been allowed in the first place, but now that they are here, there has to be a pathway to citizenship. And I think that they need to figure that out. It's just been going on for too long. Well, I think what some people forget is there was a bipartisan bill that was ready to be voted on, and Trump sort of killed it. So why not pass it, try it. You can always tweak it as you go down the road. We headed back down the road to Tucson and found that hot topic. Also hit around on the pickleball courts. What is the most common pickleball injury? Ego. Ego gets bruised? Yeah, that's it. That's not good for a TV correspondent. Just saying. Here at Corbids, in Arizona's second largest city. Is pickleball an escape from politics, maybe? Uh, no. No? Or from the news and just from the world and how crazy it is. I see where the news is. Yeah? Thanks. But Colleen Young's friend, Eric Lopez, is finding you can't escape everything. You've got a new kid. Yeah. That's a lot. It's crazy. I mean, like 50 bucks for a pack of diapers is wild. 50 bucks. Put your order in first. Do you want it medium? Lising costs are also fueling concerns for this young couple. The main thing that I spend a lot of money on is fuel. Yeah. In my truck I drive a lot. So he lives 45 minutes apart. And the fuel costs, I've, costs have just been going up and up and up. So that's got him doubling down on... Trump? Trump? Yeah. What about him? When he was in office, stuff was cheaper. Order was a little bit better. At another table we found Corey Stevens, a Republican who ran for county supervisor that seemed to acknowledge some things her party's candidate says. When I win on November 5th, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins. Aren't for everyone. Kamala says things that we don't like. Donald Trump says things that we don't like. But if you look at the platform and you look at the values and you vote your values, which side of the ticket are you on? She brought that ticket to talk over at dinner, but insists what's really important is just that people vote. You have to vote and you have to get out the vote and you have to have your voice heard. Overall, we found exactly what our most recent CBS News poll shows, a near 50-50 split in the Grand Canyon state with a slight edge for former President Donald Trump, who's hoping immigration may be the issue that gets undecided voters off the fence and propels them back here to the White House. I love that piece Ed, that was really great. It was the ego, by the way, on the pickleball. It was bruised, but it has recovered and maybe one day we'll get back out there. We'll see. The closer it gets to election day, the closer this race gets. Yeah, no doubt about it. It's going to be a very long night for all of us on election night. Thank you Ed.