 Welcome back. Arizona is not only one of the biggest presidential battlegrounds yet again this election year. It's got a hot Senate race to watch as well. All week we've been checking in on these critical Senate races across the country. And today's installment takes us to this Southwest swing state where Democrat Reuben Gallego and Republican Kerry Lake are vying for the seat being vacated by retiring independent Senator Kirsten Sinema. And the latest polling from CNN puts Gallego ahead 51 to 43 percent. But like so many critical Senate races that's still within the margin of error. I want to bring in 12 news Phoenix anchor and reporter Bram Rusnick. Bram great to have you here. So Gallego's up but it's still close. What are we seeing from both candidates in this home stretch? Well nobody believes Ruben Gallego will win this race by eight points. It's probably much closer than that. A poll out recently showed it was a dead heat. That might be an outlier. But in the final days Ruben Gallego is solidifying his base. He's going to hold a rodeo Friday night led by Latino supporters. Kerry Lake has brought Tom Senator Tom Cotton into town. She goes around with Richard Grinnell. It's a tough fight and an uphill fight for Kerry Lake right now. The striking thing about the polling is that she trails Donald Trump in every poll that we've had in Arizona. So you know there aren't any coattails there. The question is we always ask the split ticket question here. Who supports Trump and Gallego at the same time. And it might be you know a margin large enough to carry Ruben Gallego but not Kerry Lake. That's interesting to hear how there's this divergence in how people Republican voters specifically see Kerry Lake versus Trump in a state like Arizona. A key swing state this election. NBC News has been talking to a lot of Arizona voters for that reason. And one Trump supporter said he believed Trump's claims that he actually won in 2020 was false claims. But he didn't buy similar claims from Kerry Lake in her last election. Let's take a listen. How about the 2022 governor's race between Kerry Lake and Governor Katie Hobbs? Do you think that was a fair and square election? I think that was fair. And quite honestly I think what happened is the McCain Republicans in Arizona hate Donald Trump so much that they sat on the sidelines. A number of prominent Republicans in this state did not endorse Kerry Lake. They didn't endorse anybody. So Bram how many understand why Trump would be more popular with Republicans than Kerry Lake in her state? It's a really really good question. What we hear from voters is basically there's only one Donald Trump. And Kerry Lake is kind of a copy. She is trying too hard to be like him, attach herself to him. And also she's been running for three years. She lost the governor's race, hasn't let that go. The day after the election our Arizona Supreme Court is going to decide whether to declare her governor based on an appeal she has not given up on. That's the day after the election. So that's still out there. She in a way attaching herself to Donald Trump was good to get off the ground. She has not changed in three years running for the governor's race, running for the Senate now. She's the same person, offers nothing different and it just doesn't work again. We hear it. Only one Donald Trump. Yeah and yet she's changed her position I know on issues like abortion a number of times which also speaks to what you talk about in terms of authenticity and trying to connect with voters who don't know really what she represents. But Bram we've seen lots of early voting in Arizona. More than 1.7 million people already have voted in that state. How are those early votes breaking down by party and what are you expecting to see from the early results on election night? Yes. So what's interesting here as well as around the country in 2020 Republican voters got the order do not vote early even though here in Arizona Republicans have been voting early for decades. Now the message is going out vote early. And so we're seeing is a larger turnout among Republicans for the early vote right now they account for about 41% of all votes. Democrats are keeping pace with Republican turnout but they only account for about 34% of the votes and here's something to watch. Democratic registration fell off a cliff in Arizona in 2022 and they now trail Republicans by about 280,000. That could come into play especially in a state where you need not only your Democrats but Republicans independence for a Democrat to win statewide.