 Now meantime, Vice President Kamala Harris was also in the West Valley today, sharing her final message to voters. But to the event today, focused on appealing to Latino voters at Talking Stick Resort Amphitheater in West Phoenix. She was joined by legendary regional Mexican band, Los Tigres del Norte, who urged the crowd to vote in both English and Spanish. Harris also promised to be a president for all Americans. I pledge to you to listen to experts, to listen to those who will be impacted by the decisions I make, and I pledge to you to listen to people who disagree with me. And unlike Donald Trump, I don't believe that people who disagree with me are the enemy. He wants to put them in jail. I'll give them a seat at the table. Harris also addressed the young voters in the crowd. For our young leaders, here's the thing. None of this is theoretical for them. It's not political. For you all, it is your lived experience. And I see you. And I see your incredible power. And I am so proud of you. Fox News' Nicole Christine was at that event today, and she was hearing from Harris supporters. Yes, she continues our team coverage tonight, giving us a closer look at that event. While a lot of people have election fatigue from the robocalls and all those signs we see around the valley, the people here at the Talking Stick, Rosora Amphitheater, say they are energized and ready to bring the vote home for Kamala Harris in just five days. Five days left. It looks like it's a close race, but the thing that sets it apart for me is the choice could not be clearer between Kamala and Donald Trump, between Clinton and the Eagles. Less than a week out from election day, supporters of the Harris Walls ticket say they're showing up to fight for the next generation. And I love this generation of leaders. They have to protect women's right to choose the environment, and our own democracy is at stake. I am here to support my daughter's future. I have four daughters and one son, and I am here for my children and their future. Some attendees brought their small children, saying it's never too early to teach them what's important. I bring back women's rights, and basically helping out the community. It was an afternoon filled with music from Los Tigres del Norte, and a proud vocal against the second presidency for Donald Trump. Harris's speech included a critique of Donald Trump's economic plan, which she says will hurt the middle class, a message that resonated with Deshaun Williams. You're not rich, you're not poor, you're in the middle. So right now, she's standing up for the people in the middle. Amid the barrage of attack ads and social media arguments, Williams says the country is in critical need of unity rather than division, unity he says will come with Kamala Harris as president. We all need to come together united because divided we fall. But with united we stand and we have each other to fall upon and love each other. We don't have to love anymore, we're all divided. But when we come together as a one unit, we can all change the world. And I am ready to offer that leadership as the next president of the United States. Reporting in West Phoenix, Nicole Christine, Fox 10 News.