 Joining me now is retired judge Dan Barker, co-founder and president of the Arizona Republicans, who believes in treating others with respect. Judge, that is something I certainly can get behind. I appreciate that message politically. What does respect look like and mean to you? Well, let's start with two premises. And first, thanks for having me on. The first one is you treat people as you would like to be treated yourself. Think of the golden rule. You don't come up with a thought process of what's the best name that's derisive that I can give to someone. So just common principles of decency. Then the other principle, the key one is, if you respect somebody, you tell them the truth. You don't try and promote something that is untrue, and particularly that goes to the core of our democracy. As we talk about voters in your state, and it's become a very diverse group of voters, and it has evolved politically over the last five or six decades or so, and we're hearing this right to center transition. Is that something that you're seeing, and to what do you attribute it? Absolutely. Well, I think there's two factors. I mean, demographically, people are coming here. It's a desirable place to live. They want to be here. And then quite candidly, Donald Trump, he's driving people to the middle, people like myself that have been longtime Republicans, appointed a judge by two Republican governors, different, you know, the Superior Court and the Court of Appeals, that his positions on this election denial, where it has foundational drive people to the center. Well, keep them at the same values, away from someone who's promoting them. Your group, the Arizona Republicans who believe in treating others with respect, who are now leaning towards many of them, Kamala Harris, put up about 50 digital billboards in the Phoenix metropolitan area, along the freeways within the last month. Tell me about those billboards, as we see one now on the screen, and what has been the response locally? Well, it's been absolutely terrific. And there's a little bit of history here, Marnie. We started the pack in 2020, and the signs that you're seeing, they really became iconic. People liked them. They would say Arizona Republicans for Biden back then. People don't know us by our long name. They think of us as Arizona Republicans for Harris, which is great. Little side note, you can't use a candidate's name and the name of your pack, so that's why our name is the way it is. But it's been a terrific response. We have some of those billboards you might see. They'll say Arizona Independence for Harris, others Arizona Moderates for Harris, Arizona Conservatives for Harris. So it's become a pretty broad-based coalition of individuals. Thank you for watching. Go to newsnationnow.com to find News Nation on your television provider, and don't forget to click the red Subscribe button below to get more of News Nation's fact-driven, unbiased coverage.