 Brand new points suggest that Donald Trump is about to win Arizona in a landslide. What is all people of the internet? It is me, Real American, back in with a new video and I hope everyone's having a great day. I'm certainly having a great day myself. And before we continue, don't forget to like, subscribe, share with your friends, hit that little bell. Also consider joining the channel today for just $1 a month. Again, all supports greatly appreciated, but enough of the promotional stuff because we have brand new polling and early voting numbers out of Arizona. And it is bad for Democrats. Like I am not exaggerating when I say this is Def Con 1 for Democrats in Arizona. Yeah, I'm not kidding when I say that. Look at this, a brand new poll from Data Orbital, which most people would agree is one of the best pollsters out of Arizona. Back in 2020, they were spot on in 2022. They're off by like two to three points, but that's, that's not a big mess. That's a margin of error. Point is they have a brand new poll released just today. And it is Trump plus eight. That's not a typo. That's not a misquote, not Trump plus one, not plus two, not plus three. No, Trump plus eight. That's an eight point shift towards Trump in just four years. And compare that even to 2016 where Trump won Arizona, he won it by four points. So according to Data Orbital, which is a good pollster in Arizona, usually sometimes they do have some misses, but most of the time they tend to be correct. Well, right now they found Trump up by 8%, which is an eight point shift from 2020. If Trump really wins Arizona by eight points, which I'm not saying for sure he will, but if he wins Arizona by eight points, do you really think Harris is the pathway? Do you really think that Harris is going to win the presidency? Because if she's losing Arizona by eight points, she's a deep trouble in Nevada, Georgia, North Carolina. She's done the Sunbelt. I just don't see how Trump wins Arizona by this much, but by some miracle loses North Carolina. It's not going to happen, but fine. Data Orbital is just one pollster and you go to the RCP average right now and it's only Trump plus one. So you could argue, well, maybe this is just a big outlier in favor of Trump and it's not going to happen, but you start looking at individual pollsters and you start to realize something very apparent. There are some big outliers in favor of Harris in the RCP average. Look at this, CNN, Wall Street Journal, they found Harris up by one to two points. Outside of that, every other pollster except two, which is Bloomberg and Atlas Intel, which we'll get to that in a second, every other pollster has Trump winning Arizona. And it's not just the polls have Trump up by just one point. No, no, the majority of the polls have Trump winning Arizona. They have him up by two, even five points in Arizona. Yeah. The New York times of all pollsters, they found Trump up by five. Meanwhile, CBS news insider advantage, they found Trump up by three. So when you factor in what data orbital found, which was Trump plus eight, you're talking about four polls right now that has Trump up by three or more in Arizona. And that's a bit misleading because Atlas Intel, which right here, it's a tight race. They have a brand new poll out of Arizona. It was just released and take a guess what it was. Trump plus three and a half. Yeah. We have Trump plus three, Trump plus four out of Arizona from, from Atlas Intel, which most people would agree is one of the best pollsters out there. So that means you have five polls right now that has Trump winning Arizona by at least three points. We're not talking about one Trump poll and that said, no, that's five separate polls, including the New York times, insider advantage, CBS news. They're all showing Trump's up by at least three points to at most eight points. That's a big deal because it's not just a single poll. In fact, on the average right now, it's only one poll or actually two that found Harris mysteriously winning Arizona. That was CNN and the wall street journal by some miracle. They found Harris up by one to two points, but you could argue the wall street journal poll. That was from a month ago. It's outdated. It should be kicked off the average, but CNN, they found Harris up by a point. Yet you look inside the poll and they have Trump winning independence, which is just crazy because if Trump wins independence in Arizona, he's winning, he's winning the state by five points at a bare minimum. That's just how Republican Arizona really is with party registration. That's just a fact, but by some miracle CNN found Harris is going to lose the independent vote, but win Arizona. I call bull shit. That's the problem for Harris. The only polls that have her winning are either outdated or they come from CNN. Literally every other pollster has Trump up in Arizona by two, three, even five to eight points as of now. Now, does this mean Trump's going to win Arizona by like five to six points? I'm not saying that right now, but it's becoming apparent to that Trump's going to win Arizona. Trump is going to win Arizona if the election was held today. And quite frankly, I don't see how much changes in the next week to magically give Harris Arizona. I just don't see it because if they look only at the average, like, okay, let's just say Trump on the RCP average right now is only up by one, even though the wall street journal and CNN, they're inflating the average fine. Well, compare these numbers to 2020 in 2020 in the middle of October, it was roughly Biden plus two Biden plus three. And at the very last second, it became a tide race. The same thing happened back in 2016. Look at this. The polls on October 28th and October 29th, 2016, they had Clinton winning Arizona, just outright winning Arizona, not just a tide razor like Trump plus 0.1. No, they had Clinton up in Arizona in the last week of the election. And at the very last second, you had polls decide to show Trump up by four points and he won by three and a half. Yeah. So back in 2020 and 2016, the polls were saying Clinton Biden, they're going to win Arizona by a lot, but at the very last second, it either became a tide race or it was actually Trump's up by a lot right now. He's actually winning Arizona by four to five points. That's what happened. And there's a good chance that when the wall street journal and the CNN poll, when they're kicked off the average, probably not the CNN poll, but the wall street journal, there's a good chance that when they include Atlas Intel's brand new poll, you're probably talking about Trump plus two, Trump plus three, maybe Trump plus four. And that's a stretch. But if there are other good polls for Trump out there in Arizona, there's a chance he could be up by three to four points by election day, which I know sounds crazy because back in 2020, Biden won Arizona. And in recent years, the state has been shifting more Democrats. So it's crazy to suggest that Trump is not going to just win Arizona, but he's going to win it by like three to four points, which I'm not even saying it's going to for sure happen. But when you look at the individual polls right now, that's what the polls are showing. You have a bunch of polls showing Trump up by three, four, five, seven points in Arizona right now. But polls are not the only things suggesting that Trump's going to win Arizona by quite a bit. We have brand new early voting numbers out of Arizona. And by some miracle, it's gotten even worse for Democrats. Look at this. Back in 2020, Democrats led the early vote seven days out from election day by roughly 99,000 votes. 2022, they led by 23,000 votes. Right now Republicans lead and not just by 1000 votes. No, no. Right now they lead by 127,000 votes in the early vote. That is not a misquote. That's not a typo. Right now Republicans lead the early vote by 127,000 votes. Yeah. We're talking about a shift of roughly 200,000 votes compared to 2020 in just four years. That's not just a small shift of like 1%. No, that's flipping the early vote on its head because it went from a huge Democrat lead to a huge Republican lead. Now I know early voting is that everything, but when you have a big swing like this in early voting, that's not good for Democrats whatsoever. And it actually lines up perfectly with what we're seeing in the polling right now. We're finding Trump's going to probably win Arizona by like three to four points, maybe by even more. If it gets so bad for Democrats, there's a legitimate possibility that Trump could win Arizona by some crazy margin like Trump plus four, Trump plus five, which I'm not saying it's going to happen. No, no one should expect that. But if the early voting trends continue and the polls continue trending the way they are, would it really be crazy to suggest that maybe Trump's going to win Arizona by some crazy margin compared to 2020? It's entirely possible. Now with Arizona, we don't just have a critical presidential race to talk about. We have to talk with the Senate race because Republicans, they actually have a chance at winning Arizona, at least at the Senate level. And I know I've been saying for months that Carrie Lake had little, no chance of winning. She was going to get crushed. It was going to be a complete embarrassment. And I still think Ruben Gallego right now is the favorite. I don't think he's as favorite as he once was just a month ago. I really believe in the last week or so, there's been a big shift towards Carrie Lake. Now that doesn't mean that she's going to win, but it seems like for whatever reason, she's gaining momentum. Now you look at the RCP average right now, it's Gallego plus six. So it's crazy to say that, oh, maybe she's gaining momentum. You look here, it's just Gallego plus six. Well, guess what? Those two polls that are not mentioned in this average right now, Atlas Intel of data orbital. Well, they didn't just pull the presidential race. They pulled the Senate race. And by some miracle, data orbital found Carrie Lake, not just blues in Arizona. No, no, they found Carrie Lake beating Ruben Gallego. This might be the first poll all cycle to find Carrie Lake winning a poll. This is the first time I've seen one. Like she might've led a poll like six months ago, but right now this is data orbital that they found Carrie Lake plus one. And Atlas Intel, they found Carrie Lake by down by only a half a point. And you look at the trend line and it's clear, Carrie Lake is gaining momentum in Arizona. Now it does make sense because both these polls have Trump winning Arizona by like four to eight points. And I really believe that's the margin of victory Trump needs to have for Carrie Lake to barely win. It needs to be by at least four points. But if Trump really wins Arizona by five, six, seven, eight points, which that's what data orbital is suggesting. If that actually happens, Carrie Lake is the next Senator of Arizona. And I know that sounds crazy, but that's what both these polls are suggesting. And even, even Atlas Intel, they have Carrie Lake losing still. They're finding a trend towards her. And Ruben Gallego is going down while Carrie Lake, she is going up. And it really does make sense because the early voting has been so bad for Democrats in Arizona that there's a possibility Carrie Lake can actually win this. I cannot believe I just said that, but that's what the numbers are showing right now. The early voting so bad for Democrats that it might be enough for Carrie Lake by some miracle to win. I am not saying that she will win Arizona. I still think Ruben Gallego right now is the favorite. But if the trends continue and Trump actually wins Arizona by four points, you're talking about 50, 50 race. If it's Trump plus five, Carrie Lake is probably the favorite. And I cannot believe I'm saying that because this entire cycle, I've been saying Carrie Lake had little no pathway to winning. And I still think Ruben Gallego is the favorite, but it's a different story of Trump is really winning by three, four, five points. That's why I thought Trump needed to win by for Carrie Lake to barely win by like three to five points. Right now, there's been a bunch of polls out of Arizona showing Trump winning by three, four, five, even eight points. And these are good pollsters. Usually that some are bad like the New York Times, but data orbital and Alice Intel, they're good pollsters. And they're both finding Carrie Lake is surging and Trump is having a big margin of victory in Arizona, which is exactly what Lake needed to win. Now, we will see what happens next Tuesday. If Carrie Lake actually pulls this off, it's gonna be one of the bigger upsets of the cycle because no one and I mean no one really thought that she was gonna win. Even when she first announced it was like, yeah, she has a pathway, but it seemed like a campaign was so bad after the first like month or so that most people thought, yeah, it's over. There's no pathway here. But now there's a chance there is a legitimate chance Carrie Lake could actually win. No one should expect it though, but instead of losing by like 10 points or five points, she's probably gonna lose by two to three points. But if it really is Trump plus four, Trump plus five, like the polls are showing, she could actually win. It's just crazy to think that not even a week ago, I thought that Carrie Lake was completely cooked. She had no pathway and it might have been closer than it should have been, but she was gonna lose. But now, yeah, she's not the favorites, but now it's more likely than last week that she's she could actually win. It's just crazy how much things could change in just one week. But Democrats are underperforming so much that it's possible that even Carrie Lake of old people could pull it off. But anyways, folks, thank you so much for watching. If you guys did enjoy this video, smash the like button down below, subscribe, share with your friends, hit that little bell, follow the social media account to the description down below. And of course, join the channel today. Godspeed to all of you.