 Happens next for Vice President Harris to become the presidential nominee in 2024. Harris needs to win over delegates for next month's convention. She's been hitting the campaign trail hard. She's been raising money. I'm confident that she will have the delegates, she will have the resources. To win over delegates and avoid an open convention, the DNC roll call is expected early next month. The DNC Rules Committee says it's going to meet on Wednesday to discuss the next steps in selecting a new nominee. But Harris has been a vocal defender of abortion rights. She also called for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza, which could help her fare better among many voters, including Arab American voters. So how do other minority voters feel about Harris taking center stage? And especially here in Arizona, our manulita back digging deeper. And here's what she found. Two Arizona groups saying they're ready to elect Kamala Harris, president of the United States. We got a little over 100 days left until the election and now is the time to to get this election going. Harris picking up big endorsements, our voice, our vote Arizona and Lucha, saying voters are ready to start working toward November. They want their nominee and they want to be able to stand behind the nominee and they want a strong campaign from our side. Both groups saying Latino and black voters are ready for the campaign to turn to the issues and not who is and isn't on the Democratic ticket. Well, when you talk to Arizonans, one of the things that you're hearing consistently out of people's mouths is cost. The cost of housing, high prices at the store, immigration and the border. You know, our communities talk about the issues. Our communities are talking about the needs that they have. Latino voters telling Lucha's executive director they want real answers, something Native American voters are also saying, according to the nonpartisan Phoenix Indian Center. We don't have time to be fighting or, you know, we have to move forward. There's lots of work to be done for the future, for our children, for the generations ahead. For ABC 15's political team, I'm Manulie Tbek.