 6 36 listening to you the voice of the voter. This is one of our promises here at a B. C. 15 this election season. So our team at a B. C. 15 is dedicated to holding the powerful accountable and keeping our promise to make sure your voice is heard this election. That's why we hosted a special panel with 10 Arizona voters during last night's presidential debate between Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump arm. Melissa Sarbac sharing their real time reaction. Our panel wanted to talk a lot about the southern border during commercial breaks. They actually circled back to border security and immigration. But of course we started on the moderators first question the topic of the economy. But even back to her CNN interview opportunistic economy, she still hasn't explained that like what is that? Chris Bird came into the debate leaning towards Harris but still has questions about what her economic plan actually is. Anthony Dewitt still feels like Trump is significantly stronger on economic policy. Great. And you know, in the four years that Kamala Harris has been the vice president United States, it hasn't gotten much better when the moderators pushed Trump on his tariff proposal. The panelists were mixed. Some know it could mean higher prices for consumers. But Gina maybe believes its encouragement to buy local. So I think there's there's kind of an unfair distortion of what the point of the tariff is, which is probably why it was left because we all want to try to buy more local right to try to encourage, you know, American industry on the topic of abortion. Trump boasting that his three Supreme Court justice picks helped overturn Roe v Wade, giving states the decision on how to handle abortion access, something that panelists Melissa Narves, who is expecting her third child, feels strongly against. It's kind of what we've heard all along. Um, there's nothing there's nothing new other than you know, he's shifted his stance now. Harris meantime stating if Congress brought forward a national bill on abortion access, she would quote, proudly sign it into law. Something Melissa says is a leading factor in her vote for the vice president in Arizona. On a state level, abortion access will be on the ballot this year with prop 139. The moderators also pushing both candidates on foreign policy during their time in the White House. Antoinette quals feels the former president excelled in this area during his four years. They knew he met what he said. Okay. Like that level of power if you're gonna do this, then you're gonna have repercussions. But the most discussed issue amongst panelists Tuesday was the U. S. Immigration system. Martin Scott taking aim at Trump for not supporting recent border bill legislation. But the legal immigration system is broken. So I don't know how you can. I wouldn't hang on. Let me say this pumpkin. See, okay. I don't know how you can support seemingly support a man who killed the most recent version legislation. Carlos Guadarrama, a second generation american whose father is from Mexico doesn't approve of Harris's action or what he considers lack thereof on stopping illegal immigration. His statements causing tension to erupt. My father wanted to add value to this great country that we live in. The migrants do not have that. I think that's an unfair. Okay. That's very Lordess Pereira, a native american showed a different perspective. I'm a citizen of the thought of the nation. We're the only tribe in Arizona that orders what you know today is Mexico. These issues of immigration and migration. I just think it's it's hilarious. We're talking about the border wall. Some panelists like Nicole Kepke say Harris's lack of specifics solidified their vote for Trump. It surprised me that I haven't heard more mud slinging from her and it surprised me that most of her answers have been mud slinging in Trump's direction. I still to the it's not after not after note. What's her plan? What's her plan? I know what he did. I know what he's proposing. What's she gonna do while others like Nathaniel word say Harris was the only one who came across as a leader on stage cementing his vote for her. I am locked into Harris now. I see a strong woman who scared the crap out of a very weak man and you see it from the time he started to now. But the majority of our panelists, even if they left with a candidate to vote for say they were overwhelmingly dissatisfied with the debate. I don't know anybody is thrilled about this selection. Marissa Sarbac, A. B. C. 15 Arizona.