 Yeah, hey, Marnie, so I was driving around trying to see if there was any activity, but Border Patrol is very heavily saturated along the border wall. So I ended up just outside of that area where Border Patrol was pulling out these two men who had just jumped the wall, had breached the wall and entered the United States illegally. Now they were trying to evade. So what that means is they were trying to get away from law enforcement and not be found. So they were laying up and they were hiding out. Border Patrol went in there with canines and several agents and actually located them and pulled them out. Again, this is only 1.9 miles from where I'm standing, which is where Vice President Kamala Harris is slated to be in just mere hours. Now, these two individuals, had they not been caught, they would contribute to the more than 2 million Godaways that have already been recorded this year. So Kamala Harris is slated to be here this afternoon around 2 or 3 o'clock. She'll be here at Cochise College in Douglas. Now Douglas is only a town of about 16,000 people, roughly. It became a drop off hub though for Border Patrol to release migrants after they were processed. These people were released to the streets and then they were transported north to NGOs in Tucson and Phoenix. Now more than 160 nationalities have been encountered at our southern border over the last three and a half years. Now they all traversed through Mexico to get to our back door, but law enforcement down here, say Vice President Kamala Harris, was virtually hands off on the issue and really downplayed the crisis. Now for the majority of this administration's term, both Vice President Harris and President Biden have held very compassionate stances when it comes to the southern border. They've kept detention at a minimum. They have leaned heavily on parole programs as legal pathways and they've provided millions of federal funding to volunteer groups. But for three plus years, nothing was done when it came to cutting down on crossings and the problem persisted. Crippling border communities in Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and California and we were there for every day of it. When pressed on the millions of migrants who have poured across the southern border under this administration or the lack of vetting that's happening in the processing, Vice President Harris points to the failed bipartisan border bill. That's a bill that was backed by the Border Patrol Union, but it was heavily opposed by the National Sheriff's Association. The frustration comes for three and a half years of seeing tragedy after tragedy. And when you have the White House and 51% of Congress that has intellectually turned back on us, that's frustrating to me. The message is she's seeking compromise. She does care about border security, but she's open to a resolution that involves all sides of the government, which would finally bring some stability to the border. Now Marnie, you heard from Sheriff Daniels there who has been extending the invitation to Vice President Harris for three and a half years. Now he has not had a single conversation with President Biden or Vice President Harris. Aside from this event slated for today, now Sheriff Daniels will be there hosting the tour along the border when she makes that stop. Marnie. And what is the plan for today? What will she be seeing given that you're out there all the time, Allie? Yeah, well, she's going to see some of it. Unfortunately, it is a little bit cleaned up. As I mentioned, Border Patrol is basically shoulder to shoulder at the wall right now. Mexican military and police are heavily patrolling the Mexico side as well. But Kamala Harris is debuting a new ad today talking about border security, talking about that she's going to enforce the law. She's going to secure the border, different things like that. And she is expected to really kind of press on President Donald Trump about how he was the reason that the border bill that she calls is a solution, that it failed. Now she's also expected to talk about fighting the flow of fentanyl and getting additional screening machines for the ports of entry and things like that to double down on preventing that deadly drug from getting into the nation. Now when it comes to what her and President Biden have done with the border crisis, we know that President Biden ultimately in June finally signed an executive action to crack down on these asylum seekers and these people who are crossing the southern border. Now they did point to Congress for basically the better portion of their administration year, Marney, three and a half years. They said Congress needs to act and do something. But here's the deal. Democrats actually controlled Congress for the first two years of this administration, but no border legislation was negotiated or passed during that time. So now with this executive action and all of a sudden border crossings are down right ahead of the election, a lot of people are questioning whether or not that this administration is truly committed to getting a hold of this border crisis.