 Vice President Kamala Harris will continue to undermine her record on Friday, this time on the issue of immigration during remarks in Douglas, Arizona. Harris faces a conundrum. She cannot campaign on policies to fix crime, inflation, and border security without undermining the Biden-Harris administration's policies. But she must tout the administration's policies to validate her record and candidacy. In a blow to Harris, President Joe Biden stated Wednesday that he delegated everything as commander-in-chief to Harris, including foreign policy and domestic policy. Under the Biden-Harris administration, migrants swamped the border. Authorities arrested about 7 million migrants illegally crossing the U.S.S.-Mexico border under Biden, Reuters reported. Nearly 2 million known go-to ways evaded U.S. Border Patrol, according to numbers released by Republicans on the House Committee on Homeland Security in April. The illegal migrant population in the United States was 11 million in 2022, according to Pew Research Center estimates published in July, although critics estimate those numbers to be much higher. Harris will visit the southern border invasion after Fox News polling on Thursday found more Arizona voters 15 points trust former President Donald Trump over Harris to handle the crisis. Trump leads Harris overall by 3 percentage points among likely Arizona voters 48 to 51%. During her visit, Harris will try to improve her polling numbers by undermining her record by acknowledging the Biden-knowledgeing the Paris administration did not properly secure the border. Political playbook outlined Harris' revised ideas. Harris will argue that American sovereignty requires setting rules at the border and enforcing them. She'll call for more resources for Border Patrol agents to do their jobs. She'll propose new detection machines for fentanyl at border entry ports. She'll reject the false choice between securing the border and creating an immigration system that is safe, orderly, and humane. She'll decry Trump's failures as president to address this challenge and his recent efforts to kill bipartisan solutions to it, and say that the American people deserve a president who cares more about border security than playing political games. More on Harris' scant plan to secure the border is here. It is not clear if Harris will take any questions while in Arizona. She has held no press conferences since she entered the race in July when asked about specific policy solutions to secure the southern border during last Thursday's interview with Oprah Winfrey. Harris ignored the question, rambling off 441 words in about three minutes. Winfrey had to interject to force Harris to answer the question from the audience. So to answer Justin's question, now that that bill has gone and hasn't passed, will you reintroduce that Oprah followed up on the question? Absolutely. And when I am elected president of the United States, I will make sure that Bill gets to my desk and I will sign it into law, Harris replied. The establishment media raised concerns about Harris' repeated attempts to avoid her record. Concerning immigration, for example, on Monday Harris IDs refused to tell Axios if she still supports Amnesty for 2 million illegal aliens, or so-called dreamers brought into the nation as children. President Trump for something that took place months ago is basically her way of saying that President Trump has more power outside the White House than she has in the White House, which makes us question why would anyone want to support her in the first place? She's underestimating the power of accountability. Every time she shifts the blame, every time she distance herself from being the borders are after we know that that's what the title that was given to her. All she's really saying in the message that she's really sending is that I am not capable of handling this crisis. I am not equipped to do it. I don't really care to do it. It's not high on my priority list. But I understand that it may be high on the priority list of Americans because they're being impacted by the results of these decisions. So it just puts us in this very peculiar position. And I think it also shows that she's not the person to clean it up and to fix it. So I think this is giving a clear message. I think it hurts her more than helps her, particularly because she's visiting, but also casting blame and putting off all of these, all of the decisions onto someone who wasn't in the White House. It's just really silly. Okay. So our last one to you yesterday, Donald Trump spoke a lot about the border. He held a press conference in light of Kamala Harris's trip down to Arizona today. And then after that on X, he posted just a bullet point of what he plans to do when it comes to the southern border. If he becomes president, stop all migrant flights, shut down all entries through the migrant phone app and catch and release restore remain in Mexico, bring back title 42. If he does accomplish all of those things, what happens to the southern border crossing numbers? The numbers are going to go down. Look, the numbers will go down with this red brick alone. That's what he did last time that he was running for office. Because right now what you're getting is a lot of individuals that under this administration understand that there's a free for all. All they have to do is ask for asylum to get released. Who are these people? No one knows. Where are they? No one knows. They're created from day one of this administration and you have to stop it. Notice how on his bullet points he doesn't say he's getting rid of asylum claims. Because you know what? He does care and he understands that there's some people that have viable asylum claims. But what's happening right now under the current system is everyone's abusing it. And the only people that are making money off of it is the drug smuggling cartels because they're using all these human smuggling as something that they can distract agents, distract law enforcement so they can continue to bring drugs into the country. We cannot have four more years of this. This is just chaotic. And I will add, I'm in Arizona. I've been here over five decades and I have yet to hear from the Kamala Harris administration asking hey, what's going on at the border? And she is making a visit down here. Yeah, you're right. And the cartels have made money hand over fist over the past four years as a result of all of this. Art Janelle, thank you both so much for joining us from the swing states of Arizona and Georgia. We appreciate it.