 My last question Abe is, maybe you can update us a bit on the election integrity going on in Arizona because I know a lot of people are going to vote, they're maybe already voted and they're going to do it, but then they'll say, but what is happening in these different states as far as, you know, what is, you know, are we going to have the poll watchers? Are the laws changing at all? I know in some states it's changed better than other states. What's kind of the situation in Arizona? Do you think it looks different from previously or is it still a little questionable? Well, I'm a very honest guy, Danielle, they call me honest Abe. I will say it's gotten worse and the reason why is because we have a Democrat secretary of state and we also have the same people who ran the disastrous election of 2022 are in charge. However, what President Trump says where it's going to be too big to rig is very real. Believe me, I fought the deep corruption here in Arizona during my primary race. They tried to take me out, you know, with other candidates. They put $10 million against us and we only had 1.4 million and we were able to beat it. We were able to beat the cheat and have it too big to rig. So, you know, I don't want anybody to get black pilled or disheartened right now. President Trump, he took a bullet for us. So what we can do is go out and vote. But here on election integrity front, it's a mess. And the reason why it's a mess is because there's the judiciary has not held anybody accountable. Just a few weeks ago, we heard the secretary of state say there was 98,000 illegal immigrants on the, not illegal immigrants, people that we couldn't verify their citizenship, right? 98,000 of them. And some of these people have been voting for decades, you know, which I'm sure many of them are legal, but the fact that we don't have a system in place is truly shows you the incompetence of government. And then they adjusted that number from 98,220,000. So it's, you know, that's what doesn't give me confidence. These people, they don't know what they're doing. And sadly, we don't have any judiciary holding them accountable. But I know that the returns are going great. I know President Trump has inspired so many people that this is the fight for our lives. And that's why you're going to have, it's going to be too big to rig, you're going to have rural Arizona coming out in droves, people in Maricopa County, and everybody's just wide awake to it. So although the problems are not fixed, and I hope that when I'm in Congress and with President Trump, the White House and with Kerry Lake at the US Senate, I believe we're going to tackle election integrity at the federal level. But it's right now we have to do our part as Americans and honor every single veteran who serves and go out and vote and make sure we save this great republic. Yeah, absolutely. Too big to rig. That is a great plan. And I'm excited about it. Well, Abe, thanks so much for joining us. And I'm excited about your race. Thank you, Danielle.