 You Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Got a baby girl sleeping in my bedroom and her mom 11 in my arms There's a sound of rain on the rooftop and the games about to start I don't really know what I got here, but I'm so glad that I did And it's crazy to think that one little thing could have changed all of it Maybe it didn't turn out like I planned Maybe that's why I'm such such a lucky man For every stoplight I didn't make every chance I did or I didn't take all the nights I went to fall All the girls that broke my heart all the doors that I had to close all the things I knew but I didn't know Thank God for all I've missed Is Does it let me hear this Like the girl that I loved in high school Who said she could do better on the college I wanted to go to till I got that letter All the fights and the tears and the heartache. I thought I'd never get through At the moment I almost gave up all that me here to you I didn't understand it way back way But soon you're here right now it all makes perfect sense Every stoplight I didn't make every chance I did or I didn't take all the nights I went to fall All the girls that broke my heart all the doors that I had to close all the things I knew but I didn't know Thank God for all I've missed Is it let me hear this I cried when my mama passed away And now I got an angel looking out for me today So nothing's a mistake Every stoplight I didn't make every chance I did or I didn't take all the nights I went to fall All the girls that broke my heart all the doors that I had to close everything I knew but I didn't know Thank God for all I've missed Is it let me hear this Let me hear this It's Mr. Worldwide with the one and only Dolly Parton And this is dedicated to all my powerful women Working nine to five, two three jobs just to survive All my powerful women, no man at home, raising all the kids alone All my powerful women, y'all deserve a throne Keep your head up and say song, all my powerful women No matter what, never give a fuck I remember working hard with my mom, you name it she did it You name it she stole it, you name it she cleaned it You name it she owe it, she had to provide it We had to survive so you never should stole it Our whole life was lay away Pay, pay, pay, but the bills never went away Put your hands to the sky This goes out to the women working hard nine to five Working nine to five, what a way to make a living Baby, get to mind You're taking in no giving, baby You're mine and they never give you credit It's enough to drive you crazy if you let it Nine to five, for service and devotion You would think that I would deserve a fair promotion I don't want to move ahead The boss don't seem to let me I swear sometimes the man is out to get me Ooh, ooh, ooh, here's to your mama and here's to mine Thank you, darling Darling Ha, ha Mama worked harder into her life She had 12 kids at 35 Working 24-7, 365 Working five to nine and nine to five Baby, it's your dream just to watch them shatter You're just to step on the boss man's ladder You got dreams you never take away Never take away You're all in the same boat with the lovely old friends Waiting for the day your ship will come in Time's gonna turn and it's all gonna roll your way Working nine to five, nine to make a fine For the living, baby, get by I've got no time, no giving And they just use your mind They use your mind It's enough to drive you crazy if you love it And it's crazy For the purpose and the both That's your way to walk, baby Well, these are the fair promotions I move the world off the boat I'm gonna blow me up I swear sometimes the man is out to get me Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Here's to Jane and Lily and the girls that fight For equal pay, equal rights Now, some of us are pit bulls, too We appreciate the things you do Thanks again for shining the light On the women that work from nine to five Awfulness I just wanna be free Oh, yeah I just wanna be free Yeah, yeah, yeah Gonna be free from all the hurt Gonna be free from all the pain I wanna have a little on the hour I wanna have a little on the day Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I just wanna be free Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh I just wanna be free Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I just wanna be free Gonna be free, baby I just wanna be free Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh I just wanna be free Yeah, yeah, yeah I just wanna be free Yeah, yeah, yeah I just wanna be free Gonna be free, baby I've got sunshine On a cloudy day When it's cold outside I've got the month of May I get it, you say What can make me feel this way If you mind it, mind it Talking loud, my girl My girl I've got so much fun in the reason for me I've got a sweetest song That lovers in the dreams Well, I guess you say What can make me feel this way My girl, my girl Talking loud, my girl My girl Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Yeah, I don't need no money What you're popping I've got all the riches, baby One man can pray Well, I guess you say What can make me feel this way My girl, my girl Talking loud, my girl I've got some channel I'm calling to even I've got some channel I'm calling to even I'm on Do I have to wait for your honey Before a girl like me can move on Ooh, baby, tell me I'm on Do I have to wait for your honey Before I can say that you're gone Every hour Seems like a day Every day is right here And every week is an eternity Well, I get lonely, baby, when you're not here Ooh, baby, tell me I'm on Do I have to wait for your honey Before a girl like me can move on Ooh, baby, tell me I'm on Do I have to wait for your honey Before I can say that you're gone Won't you let me know, babe I'm feeling all full state, baby You said to love me so But I just don't know how long I can wait I'm on Do I have to wait for your honey Before I can say that you're gone Ooh, baby, tell me I'm on Do I have to wait for your honey Before I can say that you're gone Ooh, baby, tell me I'm on I ask your mama, I ask your papa Your friend, your preacher, and your boss No one knows where you're going to, baby Or if you're coming back to me Or if we're together or all with you lost Ooh, baby, tell me how long Do I have to wait for your honey Before a girl like me can move on Ooh, baby, tell me how long Do I have to wait for your honey Before I can say that you're gone Won't you let me know, babe I'm feeling all full state, baby You said to love me so But I just don't know how long I can wait Ooh, baby, tell me I'm on Do I have to wait for your honey Before a girl like me can move on Baby, how long Before I can say that you're gone Ooh, baby, tell me I'm on Do I have to wait for your honey Before a girl like me can move on Baby, how long Do I have to wait for your honey Before I can say that you're gone Ooh, baby, how long Do I have to wait for your honey Before a girl like me can move on Baby, how long Do I have to wait for your honey Before I can say that you're gone Ooh, baby, how long Baby, tell me how long Before I can say that you're gone There's been so many things that's held us down But now it looks like things are finally coming around I know we've got a long, long way to go And where we'll end up, I don't know But we won't let nothing hold us back We're putting our show together We're polishing up our act now If we've never been held down before I know you refuse to be held down anymore Don't you let nothing, nothing stand in your way I won't talk to you, listen, listen To every word I say, every word I say We ain't no stop and smile, we're on the loop Ain't no stop and smile, we've got the zoo Ain't no stop and smile, we're on the loop Ain't no stop and smile, we've got the zoo I know you know someone that has a negative eye And if you're trying to make it the only push you aside They really don't have nowhere to go Ask them where they're going Ain't don't know But we won't let nothing hold us back We're gonna put our show together Gonna polish up our act now And if you've never been held down before I know you refuse to be held down anymore Don't you let nothing, nothing stand in your way I want y'all to listen, listen To every word I say, every word I say We ain't no stopping this now No, no, no We're moving, we're grooving We ain't no stopping this now We're moving, yeah, yeah We're grooving, moving, moving, moving We ain't no stopping this now We wanna move I know We wanna move I love you Ain't no stopping us now We wanna move We wanna move We wanna move Love Ain't no stopping us now We're moving, no, no I'm on the move I really, really got you We ain't no stopping this now We wanna move I'm really, really, really, really good at doing this. And I'm stopping to stop. No need to try again, cause I ain't buying this. And I'm stopping to stop. Don't try to stop. No, no, no. Got to do, got to do. And I'm stopping to stop. We want to move. I'm really, really, really good at doing this. We want to stop, cause I'm dis Glad we need to. I'm really, really good at doing this. Just good at mishardening, you know? Ain't no stopping to stop No need to try again, cause I ain't buying this. Ain't no stopping to stop Ain't no stopping to stop Ain't no stopping to stop Ain't no stopping to stop Ain't no stopping to stop Just stormin' while I get a love And lost up in style We're leaving the negative people way behind Oh, so they know Please don't make me stop Please, please, please Don't make me stop Don't make me stop Please don't make me stop See, I don't know where we're going Please don't make me stop We're going now Moving on Moving on Moving on We're gonna keep trying For the fun We're gonna keep trying Over and over Yeah Don't you know I said it ain't no Don't stop and know See, I don't know No way, no way We're gonna crush up We won't Keep us down See, I'll tell you When the fun that came around Oh, oh Oh, oh So we're on the move We're in the night Oh, oh Oh, oh We're in the night We're in the night Oh, oh So we're on the move We're in the night We're in the night We're in the night We're gonna feel our way Oh, oh So we're going to kick We're in the night So we're going to kick And I'm on the move When the fun that came around Oh, oh So we're gonna We're going now I'm a human being, I'm a human being I'm a human being, I'm a human being The thing is, I'm a human being You can't be a human being, you can't be a human being You know, tell me, tell me, tell me Who are you? Tell us, tell us, tell me Tell me, tell me, tell me Tell me, tell me, tell me What S Pharaoh of Zion I Bum bum bila bum bum aye What a bum bum What a bum bum This woman Never trouble no one I'm a lady I'm not a man M.E.C. is my ambition I can't deny some Jamaicans So bum bum bum What a bum bum bum Bum bum bila Bum bum bum bila Bum bum bum aye How missa water Bum bum bum bila Bum bum bum bum aye Tell them Me born and me grow In a Princeton sea I not see right Me present lyrics When you hear them your soul plays Piss the piss It's your company Nadi bless, how missa will rest Bum bum bum Bum bum bum bum Bum bum bum aye Tell them Bum bum bum This woman Never trouble no more Me become my soul My boss and I Me still I know it from the L3 down to my toe. I teach I don't sister nazi on the go. I saw my dema after sister nazi make your back so. Long down in the system I'd see make your back so. Hey, Bomb bomb bomb. Who walked out bomb bomb bomb? He bought bomb below bomb bomb bomb. He bought bomb below bomb bomb bomb. Who walked out bomb bomb bomb bomb, Tell me some water bomb bomb bomb. This woman, I never trouble no mama. I'm a lady, I'm not a man, M.E.C. is my ambition. I can't be nice up to me, come so bum bum bum Say what I've done, bum bum bum bum bum Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum Tell me someone's taking up the yard Got you and it's all I need Oh, all the way back in the 70s You were my little TV freak Your Tarzan and your friends and me Got you, I got you and it's still believed You were all I needed, you It's the end of a century I can't think of anything Except you, it's the end of a century I can't think of anything but you Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Me Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I got you, I got you, baby I got you, I got you I got you, I got you I met a deaf woman, she took my heart away She said I've had her coming to me But I wanted it that way I think that any lover's good, love it So I took what I couldn't get She looked at me with big red eyes And said, ain't she nothing yet Baby, you just ain't even nothing yet Here's something that you're never gonna forget Baby, you just ain't even nothing yet Baby, you just ain't even nothing yet, you ain't been around That's right And now I'm feeling better Cause I'm on down for sure She took me to her doctor And he told me I was good He said that any lover's good, love it So I took what I couldn't get Yes, I took what I couldn't get And then she looked at me with big red eyes And said, you ain't seen nothing yet Baby, you just ain't even nothing yet Here's something, here's something you're never gonna forget Baby, you know, you know, you know, you just ain't seen nothing yet You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You I You You You You No You You You You Sean allot afternoon when Also What are you talking about dad? I don't want to go back to Mexico. No way. I don't want to go back to Mexico. I don't want to go back to Mexico. No way. I don't want to go back to Mexico. No way. I don't want to go back to Mexico. I don't want to go back to Mexico. No way. I don't want to go back to Mexico. No way. Thank you very much. ¡Hola, todos, visté! ¡Umm, dos, tres, escuadros! ¡Hola, visté! Yo estos serrada, ¡Córdes con dado! ¡Hola, fisqui se vamanito! ¡Hola, todos, tres, escuadros! ¡Hola, tres, escuadros! ¡Hola, todos, escuadros! ¡Hola, todo, escuadros! Vasa del carf attribute de MagicD I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Let me see. Let me see. Salud. Salud. Whoo! Whoo! Whoo-hoo! The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The ¿Qué estú por el crew este giórando? ¿Rise una besmas, no ságora, no tatas, no todos, no tus. ¿Tó ami me cori y yo tesiros, la puerza nigra, ¿Sáles son gurando? ¿Vamos? ¿Qué estas, no tas, no tas, no tres. ¿Vamos? ¿Vamos, no tas, no tas, no tas, no tas, no tas. ¿Vamos? ¿Vamos? ¿Qué un que no que por y yo? ¿Qué no recor dar la cri ¿Tó no cosen la prónte dán, la prónte dán, ¿Eso? ¿Americana, su libre, el ombre la libido? ¿Eso spinta no la hayen, ¿Páque yo la brita, ¿Y me llaman maso? ¿Eso un eróndién marcado? ¿Nóstitang, rónto estado? ¿Quién está quién, ¿Páso? ¿Só ya strán, ¿Qué un ir? ¿Umo binguátr, ¿Rasguerra? ¿Soy umpre, ¿Stravas, ¿Gado? ¿Y ci no miente la historia? ¿Y siento en la pródean, ¿La puede rosana sío? ¿Umber esguerreros palientes, ¿Y mdeo estado? ¿Siente en tes? ¿Mez de la vult? ¿Cóne español? ¿Y sío los y todos tó mambo? ¿Sómos más americano? ¿Sómos más americano? ¿Qué dijó? ¿Pien los dado? Los confrado en sío de nero, ¿Tas agua del río bravo? ¿Y no estitar una téjas? ¿No, mexico ariz sóna y colorado? ¿También póloca de cordea? ¿Y no vado? ¿Cóndiús tambo se génaro? ¿El estado de pajómi? ¿También no guar de bátado? ¿Y hoy soy de sándre del indio? ¿Soy de tino? Soy nes tíso? ¿Sómos de todos coloras? ¿Eretado dos ocíz? ¿Qué un que le todo el al bestino? ¿Sómos más americanos? ¿Sómos más americanos? ¿Qué todí? ¿Tito los bríngos? ¿Y sí no miente la historián? ¿A píce sento en la glórián? ¿Lamto veros tamanos tío? ¿Hombres que reus valiantes? ¿Indios vegos sentimentes mezcalos? ¿Cóne español? ¿Y sí no síto tápano? ¿Sómos más americanos? ¿Sómos más americanos? ¿Qué líjo? ¿Pían closa? ¿Cóme? ¿Qué es la ciena? ¿Chí, ¿Sí, va gracias? ¿Gracias? ¿Gracias? ¿Gracias? ¿Vuche gracias? ¿Vuena estar des Arizona? ¿Sómos los tigre del Norte? ¿Vu? ¿Qué es uno nord estar aquí? ¿Para pollar a la hace presidenta, Harris? ¿Y al governador, Tinguales? ¿We are proud to be here in Arizona, supported by President Harris and Governor Wells. ¿E yo estiener un plam para mejorar? ¿Esta paí, sí, y varnos hacia de Lante? ¿Trompí se ljenda y vada projecto, ¿Y ento y ticinco? ¿Nos qué rey bar el pasado? ¿Sú bien prezos es el rotros de dejeros? So, if you haven't voted already, tomorrow is the last day to vote in person. You can vote in any person tomorrow, or be sure to drop off your mail ballot off by election day. ¿Ciños al botado toda vía? ¿Máñanes el ultimodía para botar en persona, en el periódo debutaciones, antícipadas. ¿Recuérda apodas botar manana? ¿Y a segura dejar togo leta en un centro debutacion antes el día de la selectiones? But that's not enough. Make sure your friends, family, coworkers, and anyone you know has a plan to vote by November 5th. So that we make our voices heard in this election. ¿Anima todos sabotar? ¿Quando botamos? ¡Ganamos! ¿Vamos a segir se le verando, ¿Cómo a la esta tarde? ¿Y bien una cación bien un tema? ¿Qué se a converti ver un rímo? ¿Uzical para todo nosotros, ¿do latinos y todos los que vivimos en este pais? ¿C'est llama? Gracias America, sin fronteras! Now, for the best Mexican-American performance, the Grammy goes to Gracias America, sin fronteras, los tigres del Norte. ¡Vamos! ¿Vamos a segir segir segir I'm a son of America I've seen him in all his party colors My body's set I'm American I'm a son of the Your son Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Now, for the best Mexican-American formal, the granny goes to Brazil, American, Grace Del Norte. Former Belgian Sur gorgeous and Watts after and through I love you, water Wolves! I am gravity I willvions yes want Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Bebe, l Sifana, tu caminar Te doitado lo mi o tami repirar Contigo, beo todo caman a pirar Que rotiram no fática saguamirar Tú so me conseientan como de la Como tío me suo el o Te toco y a tambi no de la Ya ya hara no sádrone la Marten no bosa para Bebe, yo soy tu llen a má Y leque comi ote vás Que la mná tirált Te no llo a tocares mía Mía tú sácares mía Mía tú mi málo de sías ¿Vamos y a tolo a sías? ¿Vamos y a tolo a sías? ¿Vamos y a tolo a sías? ¿Vamos y a tolo a sías? ¿Vamos y a tolo a sías? Tú se tú rú me opero no santo ¿A tocó bógún la voriló e panto? KBILLets the dice angels roll their eyes what doesn't kill me makes me want you more in the glow of the vending machine I'm not buying, we say that we'll just grow it up in this trying times we're not trying so get the headlights, summer's a knife I'm always waiting for you just to cut to the moon devils roll the dice, angels roll their eyes as if I plead you'll be the last to know oh it's blue, the shape of your body is blue the feeling I've got it in, ooh, oh, oh, oh it's a cruel summer, it's cruel, that's what I tell no rules, and break up on heaven, but ooh, oh, oh, oh it's a cruel summer, with you I'm drunk in the back of the car, and I cry like a baby coming home from the bar oh, and I'm fine, but it wasn't true, I don't wanna keep secrets just to keep you in lies, not getting through the garden gate every night, there's so much to seal my fate that I scream for whatever it's worth, I'm out here, ain't that the worst thing you ever heard it looks so pretty like a devil, it's blue, the shape of your body is blue, the feeling I've got it in ooh, oh, oh, oh, it's a cruel summer, it's cruel, that's what I tell no rules, and break up on heaven, but ooh, oh, oh, oh it's a cruel summer I'm drunk in the back of the car, and I cry like a baby coming home from the bar oh, and I'm fine, but it wasn't true, I don't wanna keep secrets just to keep you in lies, not getting through the garden gate every night, there's so much to seal my fate that I scream for whatever it's worth, I'm out here, ain't that the worst thing you ever heard yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah oh, but I'm arriving, just smooth sailing, these kind of deep seas now she headed east down the bullet, the wrong shore, said I like the way, said I like the way, yeah, you steer your ship now, let me be your cover I won't wear you down, no honey, I won't wear you down I don't really know her destination, but I got a feeling I need to be her passenger, she could let me be your passenger said I like the way, said I like the way, yeah, you steer your ship now, let me be your cover, I won't wear you down, no honey, I won't wear you down smooth sailing, smooth sailing, smooth, smooth darling sweet pretty baby, won't you be my lady, uh-huh, sweet honey darling, you know I'm calling, I want you, sure, said I like the way, said I like the way, yeah, you steer your ship now, let me be your cover I won't wear you down, no honey, I won't wear you down, she's smooth, smooth sailing, smooth sailing, she's smooth, smooth darling sweet pretty baby, won't you be my lady, uh-huh, sweet honey darling, you know I'm calling, I want you, sure, said I like the way, said I like the way, yeah, you steer your ship now, let me be your cover, I won't wear you down, no honey, I won't wear you down the day I woke up in a good mood for once, the first time in six months, I don't hate you as much, you went there in my dreams, I could finally sleep, I felt good but it sucks, I don't hate you as much it's easier holding my crush, I'd rather be angry than crush, I'm doing so much, I do too much, I'm back where I started again, crying and calling my friends, this never ends I get so sick of myself, can't stop overthinking, I heard you're happy somewhere else, but I don't forget to let, I get so sick of myself, can't stop reminiscing, I heard you're happy somewhere else, but I don't forget to let, I still see your face, I hate hearing your name, what a wreck, what a shame, I'm replaying that day, but you called me at eight, two weeks on a break, just to ask for more space, you're my biggest mistake it's easier holding my crush, I'd rather be angry than crush, I'm doing so much, I do too much, I'm back where I started again, crying and calling my friends, this never ends I get so sick of myself, can't stop overthinking, I heard you're happy somewhere else, but I don't forget to let, I get so sick of myself, can't stop reminiscing, I heard you're happy somewhere else, but I don't forget to let, I get so sick of myself, can't stop overthinking, I heard you're happy somewhere else, but I don't forget to let, I myself, are a good time, I feel alive And the world turning inside out here Floating around in extra sea, so Don't stop me now Don't stop me Cause I'm having a good time, having a good time I'm a shooting star leaping through the sky like a tiger Defying the laws of gravity I'm a racing car passing by like Lady Godiva I'm gonna go, go, go, there's no stopping me I'm burning through the sky, yeah 200 degrees just while they call me Mr. Fahrenheit I'm traveling at the speed of light I wanna make a supersonic man out of you Don't stop me now I'm having such a good time, I'm having a ball Don't stop me now If you wanna have a good time, just give me a call Don't stop me now Cause I'm having a good time, don't stop me now I'm having a good time, I don't wanna stop at all I'm a rabbit shiver my way to Mars on a collision course I am a satellite, I'm out of control I have a sex machine ready to reload Like an atom bomb, a battle Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, explode I'm burning through the sky, yeah 200 degrees just while they call me Mr. Fahrenheit I'm traveling at the speed of light I wanna make a supersonic woman out of you Don't stop me, don't stop me, don't stop me Hey, hey, hey Don't stop me, don't stop me, ooh, ooh, ooh Don't stop me, don't stop me, have a good time, good time Don't stop me, don't stop me Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I'm burning through the sky, yeah 200 degrees just while they call me Mr. Fahrenheit I'm traveling at the speed of light I wanna make a supersonic man out of you Don't stop me now I'm having such a good time I'm having a ball Don't stop me now If you wanna have a good time Just give me a call Don't stop me now Don't stop me now Don't stop me now Good time, I don't wanna stop at all La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la Please welcome Representative Ruben Gallego La morrompienola, tisco teca, la testa no pada pena comienza Se conse, se conse, mache, la, la, la, la, la Hola Arizona It is good to see you all, good to see everyone What a great concert I had flashbacks to Saturday morning And the smell of pine soil and my mom told me wake up and start cleaning If you're Latino, you know what I'm talking about, right? Look, in the last week I've been crisscrossing this day Peace and preské, yuma, san Luis And let me tell you, Arizonans are ready to make their voices heard For those who don't know me, I'm Ruben Gallego I'm a dad, a husband, the son of immigrants, a congressman, and a proud marine But even prouder, Arizonan And hopefully in just five days, five days, your next United States Senator And the first Latino Senator in the history of Arizona For 22 months I've traveled this state, and I've gone everywhere And I talk to everyone Because I'm ready to represent all of Arizona Republicans, Democrats, and Independents alike Yo voy asep Because here's what I know And here's what I've learned That we all have so much in common We all want to defend our freedoms Including the right to an abortion We want to take care of our seniors and our veterans And to give our kids the best possible future Todos queremos un futuro bueno para nos uninos This is what this campaign is about And that is why I'm running to represent you I first ran for office 15 years ago And I've been fighting for Arizonans ever since In the state house, then in Congress But before that, I signed the deadline at the age of 20 And joined the United States Marine Corps As a... There's always some Marines in the crowd, right? I wanted to serve the greatest country in the world The country that gave me a shot at the American dream That gave my whole family a chance to truly live and thrive Because only in America can a kid who slept on the floor And only got a bed when I got to my first college dorm room bed Can someone like that run to represent this state in the Senate? Only in America Only in America can four children raised by an immigrant single mom And a secretary Sally grow up to become teachers A doctor, a businesswoman, and soon to be a senator Only in America Honestly in America, it was an immigrant whose family That they would work less is impossible In the construction, in the development of"... It's like putting to VR station Another toy that Arkes ve AEDILA works very well for SINHADOR That is why I'm running. This is why I'm running. Because every kid in Arizona deserves the same chance to make it that I had. They all deserve that chance, la So for my daughter, Isla, who deserves the same rights that her grandmother had, let's fight for mine. For moms like mine who fought just to survive another day for her kids to make it into the future, let's fight. For my son Michael, who deserves the brightest future I can get him, let's fight. For all of us new family, vamos alucar. So Arizona, we have a few more days to go. So get in the fight. Make your voices heard. My wife Sydney and I proudly voted just a few days ago. That feeling of taking action to build a better future for my kids, for your kids, it does not get any better than that. Five days Arizona, it's time to get the job done. Fans are already voting, but we need to push a little more, work a little harder, and run through that finish line. So here's what we're going to do. Vote and vote now. Drop off your ballot or vote in person. And then go tell your friends, your family, and your neighbors to do the same. And then when you're done, go knock some more doors. Knock some calls, whatever it takes. Pero el tiempo de botar es hoy. Entregas tu vueleta, o us un plan para botar es cinco de no bienbre. Because if we do that, if we do that together, if we fight together, we can, number one, defeat Carrie Lake. Number two, defeat Donald Trump. Number three, fight for a better future. Because we are fighting to protect our democracy, our freedoms, and our future. And the only way forward, the only way forward is to elect Kamala Harris as our next president, and Tim Ross as our next vice president. And cast that vote now. Arizona, juntos vamos aganar. Gracias! Please welcome the vice president of the United States of America, and welcome the vice president of the United States, Kamala Harris. And welcome the vice president of the United States of America. Thank you. Okay, we have work to do. Thank you. Thank you. Can we hear it for Ruben Gallego? And I've known Ruben a long time, and of course, Arizona knows him so well. He is a veteran of the Marine Corps, a proven leader, a champion for all of Arizona. And please send him to the United States Senate. So it's so good to be back in Arizona and Phoenix. Are we ready to do this? Are we ready to vote? Are we ready to win? Oh, it's good to be back and to be with so many incredible leaders. I love you back. I want to thank Governor Hobbs, Senator Kelly, Gabby Giffords, mayors, Gallego, Romero, and Giles, Ambassador Jeff Flake. I am so grateful to all of you for your support. And to all the tribal leaders, the elected leaders, community leaders here today, I thank you. And let's hear it again for Los Tigres del Norte. Okay, work to do. So Arizona, tomorrow, Friday, November, by the way, happy Halloween. So tomorrow, Friday, November 1st is the last day to vote early in person. And if you are voting by mail and still have your ballot, please take it to any Dropbox in your county or any voting location by 7 p.m. on Tuesday, November 5th. And you can go to iwillvote.com to get all the information you need. And to all the leaders here, please help spread the word on that. And we need you to vote Arizona because we have five days left, five days left in one of the most consequential elections of our lifetime. And we have work to do. But we like hard work. Hard work is good work. Hard work is joyful work. And make no mistake, we will win. We will win. We will win. We will win. And we will win because we know that it's very clear to all of us here, when you know what you stand for, you know what to fight for. And we love our country. And we love our country. And we know in this election, we have an opportunity to turn the page on a decade of Donald Trump trying to keep us divided and afraid of each other. We're done with that. We're exhausted with that. And we know, and we know that's who he is. But Phoenix, that is not who we are. That is not who we are. And it is time for a new generation of leadership in America. And I am ready to offer that leadership as the next president of the United States. And Arizona, many of you know me, I'm not afraid of tough fights. For decades, I was a prosecutor. I was the top law enforcement officer of the biggest state in our country. And I have won fights. I won fights against the big banks that ripped off homeowners, against for-profit colleges that scammed veterans and students, against predators who abused women and children. And we are fighting for democracy. And that's all right. That's all right. Democracy can be complicated, but we believe in democracy and the right of everyone to have their voices heard. It's all right. And I have fought for many who have harmed other human beings. I have fought against the cartels that trafficked in guns, drugs, and human beings. And it is my pledge to you that if you give me the chance to fight on your behalf as president, there is nothing in the world that will stand in my way. And look, we all know who Donald Trump is. This is not, because here's the thing we all know, he is not someone who is thinking about how to make your life better. This is someone who is unstable, obsessed with revenge, consumed with grievance, and out for unchecked power. And in less than 90 days, it will either be him or me in the Oval Office. Yes, we're going to get this done. And I thank you, I thank you, and here's the thing, because we're really clear and we can all picture it. We can picture the Oval Office, right? And if he is elected, on day one, Donald Trump would walk into that office with an enemies list. On day one, when I am elected, I will walk in with a to-do list. And on top of my list is bringing down Sisé Puede, Si. Sisé Puede. And on top of my list in that spirit is bringing down your cost of living. It's an issue that we need to address and it will be my focus every single day as president. I will give a middle class tax cut to over 100 million Americans. I will enact the first ever federal ban on corporate price gouging on groceries. I will fight to make sure that hard-working Americans can actually afford a place to live. And if you are caring for an elderly parent, look, I took care of my mother when she was sick. If you are taking care of an elderly parent, I understand what you are experiencing and my plan will cover the cost of care under Medicare for the seniors in your life who need help and support. Because so much of my plan for me is about the dignity that all people deserve, which is why my plan includes lowering the cost of childcare, cutting taxes for small businesses and lowering healthcare costs. Do we have small businesses in the house? I will focus on healthcare because this is where I come from. I believe access to healthcare should be a right and not just a privilege of those who can afford it. On the other hand, Donald Trump's answer to the — hey guys, you know what? Here's the thing. Let's talk for a moment about Gaza. We all want this war to end and get the hostages out and I will work on it full time when I am elected president as I've been. And I have yours. So there's a contrast in this election on so many issues, including our plans for America's economy. Donald Trump's answer to the financial pressures you face is the same as the last time. Another trillion dollars in tax cuts for billionaires in the biggest corporations and this time he will pay for it. And this time his plan is a 20% national sales tax on everything you buy that is imported. Clothes, food, toys, cell phones. A Trump sales tax, according to the Economist, would cost the average American family an additional $4,000 a year. And on top of that, Donald Trump still wants to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, and he has a powerful friend in Congress, the Speaker of the House, who recently said if Trump wins, there will be, quote, no Obamacare, which would throw millions of Americans off of their health insurance and take us back to the time when insurance companies could deny people with pre-existing conditions. Well, we are not going back. We are not going back. We are not going back. We are not going back. We are not going back. And we are not going back because ours is a fight for the future and it is a fight for freedom. Like the fundamental freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government tell her what to do. And remember how we got here. Donald Trump hand-selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention that they would undo the protections of Roe v. Wade, and they did as he intended. And now in America, one in three women lives in a state with a Trump abortion ban, many with no exceptions, even for rape and incest, which is immoral. And Donald Trump's not done. Did everyone hear what he just said yesterday? That he will do what he wants, quote, and here's where I'm going to quote, whether the women like it or not. And we must vote because this is the thing. You know, there's a saying that you got to listen to people when they tell you who you are, who they are. And this is not the first time he has told us who he is. He does not believe women should have the agency and authority to make decisions about their own bodies. This is the same man who said women should be punished for their choices. He simply does not respect the freedom of women or the intelligence of women to know what's in their own best interests and make decisions accordingly. But we trust women. We trust women. Which is why, yes, we will vote because we also understand if he was elected, he has been pretty clear in his behavior and his deeds. He will ban abortion nationwide. He will restrict access to birth control, put IVF treatments at risk, and force states to monitor women's pregnancies. And you don't have to take my word for it. Just Google Project 2025. Read the plans for yourself. And I think everyone here knows that we can agree one does not have to abandon their faith or deeply held beliefs to agree the government shouldn't be telling her what to do. Not the government. Not the government. So Arizona, to protect your right to make your own health care decisions, I would recommend you vote yes on Proposition 139. And make sure you vote up and down the ballot to truly protect that right. And it is my pledge to you when Congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom as President of the United States, I will proudly sign it into law. Proudly. So Arizona, I'm here to ask for your vote. Which I would be so honored to have. And here is my pledge to you. As President, I pledge to you to seek common ground and common sense solutions to the challenges you face. I will tell you I am not looking to score political points. I am looking to make progress. I pledge to you to listen to experts, to listen to those who will be impacted by the decisions I make. And I pledge to you to listen to people who disagree with me. And unlike Donald Trump, I don't believe that people who disagree with me are the enemy. He wants to put them in jail. I'll give them a seat at the table. Because that's how a democracy works. And that's how real leaders work. And I pledge to you to always put country above party and above self and to be a president for all Americans. That is my sincere pledge to you. And so Phoenix, with five days left in this campaign, my opponent is also making his closing argument to America. And you've probably seen a bit of it. It is an argument that is full of hate and division. He insults Latinos, scapegoats, immigrants. And it's not just what he says, it's what he will do. If elected, you can be sure he will bring back family separation policies. Only on a much greater scale than last time. And it is time then to turn the page on Donald Trump. We are done with that. So five days out, and it all comes down to this. We are here together. And you all have taken time out of all the demands on your life and your busy schedules. You have taken the time to be here. Because I know we all love our country. We love our country. We love our country. And when you love something, you fight for it. You fight for it. Yes. Yes. Yes. And with that spirit, and with this spirit, we know that one of the highest forms of patriotism, the love that we have for our country, is to then fight for its ideals. And to fight to realize the promise of America. That's what this is about. And I have always believed in our nation's promise, because I have lived it. I grew up as a child of the Civil Rights Movement. My parents would take me to marches when I was in a stroller. And people during that time would come together from every walk of life, together from every background, every race, and come together to fight for freedom and opportunity. Growing up, when I was growing up, I saw how hard my mother worked to give her two daughters the same chances our country gave her. And I was blessed to have family by blood and to have family by love, who instilled in me the values of community and compassion and faith. I've spent my life fighting for people who have been hurt and counted out, but never stopped believing that anything in our country is possible. I have lived the promise of America. And today, I see the promise of America in everyone here, in all of you. I see the promise of America in the women who refuse to accept a future without reproductive freedom. And the men who support them. In the fathers and mothers who work hard every day for their children's future. In Republicans who have never voted for a Democrat before, but put the Constitution of the United States before our party. And I see the promise of America in all the young leaders who are voting for the first time. Where are you? Let me see you. And I love this generation of leaders. You are rightly, I mean, you guys are rightly impatient for change. And you are determined to live free from gun violence, to tackle the climate crisis, to shape the world you inherit. And for our young leaders, here's the thing. None of this is theoretical for them. It's not political. For you all, it is your lived experience. And I see you. And I see your incredible power. And I am so proud of you. So can we hear it for the first time voters who are here? Although why aren't you guys in class? It's okay. So Arizona, we have five days to get this done. And no one can sit on the sidelines. Let's spend the next five days so that when we look back on these five days, we'll know we did everything we could. So let's knock on doors. Let's text and call voters. Let's reach out to family and friends and neighbors and coworkers and classmates. And as we do, here's my request. Let us please be intentional about building community. Let us be intentional about building coalitions. You know, there's been so much about these last several years that is making people feel alone, making people point their fingers at each other as though we're not all in this together. So let's approach this with the spirit that is about bringing folks back together and reminding everyone the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us. So let's approach it that way. Let's approach it that way. We will be the stronger for it. And always remember, your vote is your voice and your voice is your power. Hello, Arizona, today I ask you, are you ready to make your voices heard? Do we believe in freedom? Do we believe in opportunity? Do we believe in the promise of America? And are we ready to fight for it? And when we fight, we win. God bless you and God bless the United States of America. I'm gonna wait, I'm gonna wait through the waters, till the tide don't move. I'm telling these tears going far away, far away. I'm gonna keep on running, cause the rain don't quit on themselves. Ten Hail Marys, I meditate for practice. Channel 9 News, tell me I'm moving backwards. Eight Blacks left, deafness around the corner. Snapping misleading statements about my persona. Six satellites waving in my direction. Five, oh, accidentally worship my presence. Five, oh, accidentally worship my possession. Yeah, I keep running, jumping the aqua. There's fire, high dressing, hazardous smoke, alarms on the back of us. For mama, don't cry for me. Rap for me, rap for me. Live for me, breathe for me. Sing for me, honestly, God in me. I can be more than I gotta be. Still from me, lie to me. Nation hypocrisy, go to me. Driving me wicked, my spirit inspired me. Like, yeah, open correctional gates in high desert. Open our minds as we cast away oppression. Open the streets and watch our beliefs. And when they carve my name inside the concrete, I pray it will be a blessing. I'm gonna keep on running, cause the rain don't move. I'm telling these tears going far away, far away. I'm telling these tears going far away. Open our minds as we cast away oppression. I'm telling these tears going far away. Open our minds as we cast away oppression. I'm telling these tears going far away. Open our minds as we cast away oppression. Open our minds as we cast away oppression. Open our minds as we cast away oppression. Open our minds as we cast away oppression.