 In Texas, in Texas last year, an illegal alien released into the United States by Kamala was charged for sexually assaulting, strangling and murdering a 12-year-old girl. You read that one. That was one of many, one of many. There's so many now. Before stuffing her body in a trash bag and leaving it under her bed for her mother to find. Can you believe this? Under her bed for her mother to find. Last September, these are animals. Last September, an illegal alien criminal with nine prior deportations and many prior arrests shot and killed a man in his pickup truck before repeatedly firing at police officers and leading them on a car chase during which he shot and wounded an officer and very, very seriously wounded other people in the chase. And he was wearing a bulletproof vest. Isn't that nice? He was wearing a bulletproof vest. And in Chicago this year, a Venezuelan illegal alien gang member who was set loose into the United States by the horrible non-border protection. It's a non-border. They let anybody come in that wanted to come in. I built hundreds of miles of wall. I then, by the way, built more than I ever promised, but it was working so well. That's why we had the good numbers. And then I was going to add 200 miles more. Then we had a rather strange election, didn't we? We're not going to let that happen again. We're not going to let that happen again. Remember we did great in 2016. We did much better in 2020. Millions of more votes. But let in by these ridiculous non-policies. They had no policy. And what I said to the Border Patrol is right just a minute ago. All the president has to do, all she would have had to do is wake up the president at three or four in the afternoon. Say Joe, get your ass down to the Oval Office and sign this. Well, if he'd sign what he signed for them, you know, think of it, you know, how did that happen, that whole thing? But you know what? When the president signs an order to close, he doesn't need bills. You know, they made up this fiction, this bill. That's the bill that was so bad, so pathetic that it would have allowed millions of people to become citizens right away. It was a horrible bill. But I'm fine with the bill. But you don't need a bill. All you have to do is you need a president. But you know, my father used to tell me, these guys that need letters, they'll come into my office, son, and they'll say, sir, thank you for the job. Sir, could I have a letter saying that you've promoted me? Those guys never worked out because they need a letter. It was the ones that walked in and said, I'm the boss now. You're going to listen to me. They didn't need a letter. He always would say, anytime they wanted a letter of authorization, they never worked out. She didn't need anything. She didn't need a bill. All she had to do is have Biden call up the president, only the president, and say, close up the border. And instead, we're paying a big price. You know, people have been talking about they always rank the different things and they rank. And I think the polls are wrong about a lot of things, although I don't want to say that now because we're leading. So let's leave them. They're only wrong when they give me a bad one. But we are doing great in the polls. We've been really great in the polls. But I think that the number one issue they have down is the economy and inflation. And I agree they're horrible issues. But I think the number one issue is the destruction of our country, what's happened at the border. I really think that's actually the number one issue. And I don't care what a poll says. And it's close anyway, but I don't care what a poll says. It's the destruction of a country. What were they thinking? Who wants to have this? Who would allow this to happen? Well, we have murderers, drug dealers, people from mental institutions and insane as salads. Who would who would allow this to happen to our country? This thug, this thug, led in by Kamala Harris, was arrested for shooting a 27 year old woman multiple times, leaving her riddled body all full of bullet holes behind. And I cannot believe how they allowed this to happen to our country. It's happening at levels that you could I could recite crimes all day, all night for weeks. And this is just the beginning, because this is a new phenomenon. And I told you about this phenomenon called migrant crime. It's a new category of crime. And it's probably the most vicious crime of all. Because despite the fact that she said, oh, these are lovely people. They don't commit crimes. No, these are among the worst criminals anywhere in the world. And they come from all over. A huge number is coming out of jails in the Congo, because what's happening is countries and continents, but countries are releasing their prison populations into our country. And you know what? If I headed up any one of the countries we're talking about, I would have done the same thing. I would have done it even faster, because who the hell can blame them? Who can blame them? And Venezuela, their crime is down 72 percent, because they've taken the street criminals, they've taken the drug dealers and the drug lords, they've taken all of these people and they've bust them into the United States. And their crime is down now 72 percent. And it'll go still further because they haven't gotten them all out. But they're coming and they've taken their prisons and their prisons are way down. Most number they've had in many, many decades, because they've moved all of their prisoners and these are hardened people. They know better than anybody who they are. They know who they are without knowing who they are. And I will tell you something, what they've done to our country, they've emptied out their jails and prisons of the toughest people anywhere in the world, and they've dumped them into our country. And we're not going to take it. We're not going to take it. We're going to get rid of these people that allowed this to happen. We're going to get rid of Kamala and Joe. My message to the American people is very simple. No person who has inflicted the violence and terror that so-called borders are, she doesn't want that name anymore. She said, I'm not the borders are. Well, she was, but it doesn't matter if you call borders. She was in charge of the border. So call her whatever you want. She doesn't know anything. She can't answer the simplest question. She goes on these shows and they're softball after softball and ends up in a scandal. Every time she opens her mouth, you know, we had four years of that. We had four years of that. And you know, in his case, he developed. She was born that way. And it's violence and terror that borders are. Harris has unleashed on our country can never be allowed to become the president of the United States. The country can't take it. Anyone who would import criminal gangs to occupy America cannot ask to be president. Anyone who orchestrated an invasion of America cannot lead America. Kamala Harris is reign of terror ends the day I take the oath of office. To expedite removal of trend day, a ragwa. I have good luck with that name. Some people can't do it. They said, sir, why don't we just they say T D.R. I say, no, that doesn't sound too good. That sounds like a like a drugstore. I don't want to do that. Of course. Nowadays, if you look at our drugstores, they do pretty good. You see the drugstores? You can't get anything in certain places. You can't most places. They have to put a glass in front because everything's taken. They walk out. They just take it. You know, she's the one that passed the law in San Francisco, destroyed, where if you steal nine hundred and fifty dollars or less, you're not going to be prosecuted. Can you believe it? I don't think that Carrie Lake agrees with that particular law. You're not into that. I think she is a tough one. This is what you need. I hate to say she's tough as hell. She is. What do you mean? I watched her debate. I watched. I haven't even spoken or I watched your debate, though, at about three o'clock in the morning. I watched that debate. You know, the Tivo or its equivalent. I give it the greatest invention in history. Tivo or its equivalent. I watched your debate due to that kind of thing that we can do nowadays. You destroyed that poor guy. You know, they have an expression. If that were a fight, they would have stopped it. But that was a destruction. But I, you know, I don't know how many people you got to make that into a movie or something. You got to anybody that sees that would never vote for this guy is a total lightweight. And this woman has given up a lot. She had great success. Everything she did. You got to get her in. You got to get it. True. True. True.