 We all know that right now, some diehard Trump supporters are auditing the ballots from, uh, Maricopa County in the state of Arizona. We also know that this thing is a total farce and they know that Donald Trump lost and we know that they know this because one, there's already been other audits to, there's been recounts and three, there's been other analyses that have been conducted on those ballots from Maricopa County, as well as a couple other counties. And recently, another one of those just concluded, and this was done by a Republican in the state of Arizona, um, long time, Arizona Republican party, election observer and election technologists, uh, by the name of, uh, um, Benny white. And you know what Mr. White found? Mr. White found in his analysis of the ballots of the voting patterns in Maricopa County. And it was another County to a Pima County. He found that 75, roughly 75,000 Republican leaning voters in those two counties voted straight Republican tickets with one exception. They didn't vote for Donald Trump. So that first little part where you vote for president, they either left it blank or they voted for Joe Biden. Then the rest of the ticket, they went Republican, Republican, Republican. I don't care who you are, what you're running for Republican, Republican, Republican. And Mr. White concluded based on his analysis, especially given the fact that Donald Trump lost Arizona by a little under 11,000 votes that these 75,000 individuals who just didn't vote for Donald Trump, but voted for the rest of the Republican party. Mr. White says, yes, it's very clear that this is why Donald Trump lost the state of Arizona because obviously you lose by 11,000, but you got 75,000 that didn't vote for you. Yeah. It's pretty fricking obvious at that point. Now here's the thing. This analysis, this audit of the ballots that is by the way, taking way longer than it's should have. And I think it's because they're seeing this same data. It's only going to embarrass Donald Trump more. It's going to embarrass the MAGA crowd more. Again, I think that's why this is taking so long. They don't know what to do with the fact that they're all going to look like absolute idiots when this all comes out on the wash. We have the info folks. We know how people voted. We've seen these analyses now, the voters rejected Donald Trump. They didn't reject the Republican party. They rejected the man himself. And if I were a Republican, I've been saying that a lot recently. It's terrifying me. I will never be a Republican, but if I were her, I might look at this data and then think twice about hitching my wagon to Donald Trump. The man is toxic for your party. He is literally the reason people left it. He is literally the reason he lost the election. And if you continue to follow him down that path and you follow other, other little Pied pipers like Matt Gates and Marjorie Taylor greens and your Lauren Boebert's, you're going to suffer the same fate. This isn't sustainable for a political party, but honestly they deserve it. And I hope it continues to happen to them. And I hope when these audit results finally come out of the state of Arizona, they cause more embarrassment and pain for everyone in the MAGA crowd. Thanks for watching. And if you like what you saw, don't forget to like comment, share, and most importantly, subscribe to our ring of fire channel here.