 Arizona, a land of vast deserts, thriving cities, and a fiercely independent spirit. It was always a Republican stronghold. And as the Arizonans were never supporting Democrats, they were subjected to the worst living and working conditions during the Biden's tyrannical regime. So for Kamala Harris, chances are very low to win from Arizona. And Arizonans consider Kamala as the reason of their miseries. Because she was the vice president in Biden's administration. But let us explore a bit more, that why majority of the Arizonans going to revolt against Democrats in the upcoming elections. Arizona suffered high inflation and high cost of living due to the exuberantly high government spendings and adventures, and still Kamala thinks of her victory from Arizona. The middle working class of the state was subjected to the worst regulatory measures and penalties. And it's less likely that the majority working class of Arizona will trust Kamala. Biden Democrat administration with Kamala as the vice president did not materialize the recovery plan from the pandemic. And this will definitely give a hit to Kamala. Biden Democrat administration never paid heed to the borders and illegal immigration, resulting into increased crime and low wages of the Arizonans. And this negligence is much attributed to Kamala as vice president. While the Arizonans consider this as more criminal than merely a negligence of the Biden administration. Arizona schools remained underfunded during Biden regime. So it's very less likely that Kamala can get a vote from those sending their children to schools. The Biden administration, right from the election of 2020, hoodwinked the Arizonans in matters of economy, immigration, welfare, education, and pandemic recovery. The blue collar worker of Arizona received the strongest hit from the cruel Biden policies in connivance with Kamala Harris as the vice president. And chances of winning are very low for Kamala in the state of Arizona. So winning the heart of Arizonans in the upcoming elections for Kamala is something looking not possible. They are having more legacy confidence on Republicans. And with Trump as the Republican nominee, they are feeling confidence in having high wages for the blue collar workers. They are aware that with Trump as president, small businesses will prosper in Arizona. There seem to be confident that with Trump as their president, there will be tight immigration policies, which will result into a sharp decline of the crime rate and more jobs for the Arizona Arizonans. Parents of school-going children are feeling more assured that with Trump as president, children will be having better education. Arizonans are taking Trump as their only choice. But let's see what's going to be the results. Only time will tell, but Arizonans will be giving a surprisingly landmark victory to Trump. I, Donald John Trump, do solemnly swear. I, Donald John Trump, do solemnly swear. That I will faithfully execute. That I will faithfully execute. The office of President of the United States. The office of president of the United States. And will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend. The Constitution of the United States. God. So help me God. Congratulations Mr. President.