 this rolling national controversy. It's important. And it impacts everything from that electoral backlash that could make Trump a lot more likely to lose to Joe Biden in November, to human rights, health, and safety, the crackdown on this particular freedom in this particular state, as you may have heard if you've been following the news, it dates back to what was then formal government oppression of women in the 1800s. So these judges are trying to use that documented anti-female oppressive system from that era women were called property or chattel at the time to legislate in Arizona today. Now what I just said may sound bad, but it's not a criticism and it's not an opinion. It is a legal fact. It is not as if the Arizona legislature stood up and said, they have democratic approval or they were elected and here's what they wanna do. It was unelected judges going all the way back to that era. It would be no different than trying to govern civil rights by going back to the slavery era and saying, because of a slave era law, this is how we're gonna do civil rights or equal treatment. Again, sounds bad, but not a criticism, just a legal fact. Now to see how local elections matter, which is a big part of the story tonight, many Arizona residents might not have realized that a Democrat is the state's attorney general, but she says she will use her discretion and authority to decide not to prosecute at least some of the harshest provisions of this very old criminal law, which would send people to prison who help women get an abortion, be that family, friends, or people who deem the care professionally necessary for a patient, which would obviously reference doctors. So on the one hand, doctors are very vulnerable in this state of being sent to prison. On the other, for right now, the AG is trying to prevent at least that harsh part of this 19th century approach. And I wanna be clear, we know the judges encourage that kind of jailing, because in the new ruling, they say they want doctors in jail. They go out of their way to say physicians are on notice that most abortions are illegal. Illegal under this law, meaning they'd be sent to jail for doing them. These unelected judges wrote down their plan to put physicians in jail. They said so. They wanna use their power to go even farther than that, even farther than the Trumpified Supreme Court's ruling to make abortion largely illegal, and jail the people involved and change the law and freedom as we know in America. And it feels perhaps like the handmaid's tail because they're using past discredited laws and oppression of women to enact this. Now, it could be even worse, but as I mentioned, the one nuance is the Democratic AG standing in the way. Now, it is a big deal that she says she will not use her discretion to enact what those judges demand. Now, how did we get here? The details matter. The only reason she's there right now as a temporary public official, most officials are temporary except for some judges, she's there because she actually very narrowly won in this purple state. So let me show you that context right here. The electoral history was 2022. She won by less than 0.1%, 280 votes out of over 2 million cast. Well, in Arizona right now, these doctors and many women are looking at this situation and it is night and day based on the outcome of that race. And as for hyperbole, which does exist sometimes across many politicians, the Democrat there was accurate when she said something that might have sound quite stern there that her opponent wanted to lock up doctors. If you don't follow this closely and it hasn't hit you personally, you might say, really? Is that the case? But the voters in Arizona who know this issue and many people involved in women's rights and legal advocacy who had been worrying about this and the facts, well, they were trying to tell people in Arizona in that very narrow recount race that yes, the Republican candidate had vowed to enforce this ancient law against doctors and others if he got the chance. Today, Donald Trump is falsely claiming that this ban goes too far in his view. Now, we will tell you what he says about policy and you will decide whether to vote and who to vote for. But I have to tell you that that claim is false because he already put three justices on the Supreme Court who created this reality. This is the exact reality that he not only supported but used his power to create. So you should know that and do what you will with the information. The politics of this are intimately tied to the human rights, the reality and the safety of this. Politically, Republicans are this party that is like a dog that caught the car. They don't know what to do with the result they got cracking down on women's rights and doctors being able to do their jobs and people being able to do IVF family planning. Now, as for the politics, which matters and I don't mean to reduce something this important to politics, but it was elections and politics that got you that AG. It was elections and politics that got you those Trump judges because some people in 16 looked up and said, what's the big difference? Or they had issues with Hillary Clinton. And if you watch this program, we covered, not then we weren't on the air yet but we have covered legitimate criticisms of the Democratic Party to Hillary Clinton just like we've covered problems with Joe Biden. But on this issue, I also have a journalistic duty to make sure that you understand these are black and white issues on where the party stood on the issue of choice. And the Republicans politically are running from this because they know that they are in the opposite position of most of the public, including in purple and red states. And one way they're running is just trying to prevent their base and other independents that could serve leading people from finding out about it. Is that a good strategy? I guess it depends on whether you think reality will seep out across the country by November. Fox News is trying to convince people this didn't happen by basically covering anything but one of the biggest stories in the country on an issue that their team, the Republicans they so often support, claimed was a good thing they wanted. It's pretty odd for something that every Republican president in the modern era has pushed for with a strict anti-Roe v. Wade litmus test for every judge on the high federal courts and especially the Supreme Court, and that predates Trump. This is not a Trump story. He's the most recent Republican president to do it. He bears responsibility. But this runs back in legal history for decades. This is what they wanted. This is what they created. This is what they promised. So are they taking a victory lap as we see the results in all these states? No, they're running. I'll give you one point of reference tonight before we bring in our experts. CNN covered this big ruling across eight different programs with about two hours of airtime just in this first big day yesterday. MSNBC, if you look to us as a news source, went about two hours and 20 minutes of coverage over about nine shows, similar. Fox, which so often cheers for Republican and MAGA candidates in Trump who created this reality and said it would be good, limited this to just 12 minutes and their super MAGA evening host didn't mention it at all. It is striking. This is not only extreme on legal grounds, but politically, this is apparently something that Republicans think. This alone, maybe not Donald Trump's trials, maybe not Joe Biden's age, but this alone could capsize everything they have going into November. Hey, everyone, MSNBC has a new and improved app. You'll get real-time alerts and analysis, live blogs, in-depth essays, video highlights, and the best 2024 election coverage. Download the new MSNBC app. Here's how to do it. You tap on the App Store on your phone. You hit search on the bottom right corner. You type in MSNBC. You click on the MSNBC app. You click on Get or the cloud icon and enjoy it.