 I'm Craig Smith, we're live at Tucson International where we've just watched the landing of Air Force 2 carrying Kamala Harris. She is going to be headed down to Douglas soon after this, the meeting apparently a collection of helicopters and other vehicles are going to take us down there, down down her there to have some touring of the Douglas area and have a look at the border. So what one of the things that they're going to do is get in the aircraft. We saw a large contingent of marine aircraft. Marines normally do the executive transport and operate Marine 1, Marine 2 which would be any aircraft the vice president is in. So she is headed down there in those aircraft and do back here at about 4.30 in the afternoon. Now word on that aircraft, interestingly enough we were waiting for Donald Trump's aircraft here a couple of weeks ago. That's a Boeing 757 and this one is as well. This one is technically called a C-32, that's a military version and the Defense Department at the Air Force owns four versions of those. They're outfitted as executive transports with a little bit of a stateroom for the vice president, the first lady, whoever they're transporting, some additional seating and also specialized communication that is expected of any sort of aircraft that the president or vice president would be following along or would be carrying to various destinations. Now one of the questions you'd go is, well hey wait a minute, they're using a government aircraft for campaigning and a good thing to know in this case is there's actually a protocol where they want the president and the vice president to be attached to these aircraft that have the specialized communications and safety measures but they then reimburse, if it's for campaign purposes they reimburse the Air Force or the Defense Department for the operating costs of the plane. I don't really know what the hourly rate is for that and whether it truly reflects the cost of operating the planes but there is some reimbursement that goes on. So that's what we got here at Tucson International, the arrival of Air Force 2 with Kamala Harris on board prepared to head down to the border in some different aircraft for a border tour. So reporting live Craig Smith K-Gun 9.