 Are we seeing a stabilized race with neither candidate with any advantage in the swing state of Arizona? This is Kotel and let's talk some politics. So we had another big poll drop in the past 48 hours and included in them are a number of polls for Arizona. Previously it seemed Harris had gained approximately 34 points over where President Biden had been in the race. However, a more recent polling drop post-apade showed that the race isn't moving substantially one way or the other and may show signs of being locked in with only minor change that may just be statistical noise. Per my standard for these videos I'll look at the polling ships for a number of surveys. Those pollsters this time are Trafalgar, the Hill Emerson, N.Y.T. Siena, Rasmussen, Fox News and Bloomberg Morning Council. That being said, let's get into it for Arizona. Starting with Trafalgar, in their LV poll from August they had Trump barely edging Harris 48 to 47. Their next poll in the aftermath of the debate saw both candidates' drop-apade point hit 47 and 46 respectively, with no net chains favoring either candidate. Next for the Hill Emerson, previously we saw Harris jumping up by 2 points in late August with Trump at 15, Harris at 47. Their next poll though in September had Trump dropping a single point to hit 49 while Harris gained one to hit 48, netting 2 points for the Vice President. For the N.Y.T. Siena, in early August they saw a wild swing of 11 points moving towards Harris and pegged the race with the Vice President leading 50 to 45. However their next poll from September 17 to the 21st had a complete reversal, with Trump going to 50 and Harris going to 45, a net swing of 10 for Trump. Next for Rasmussen, in August they had the race with Trump leading Harris 47 to 45, a 5-point improvement for Harris over their last poll. Their poll though from the 19th to 22nd of September had Trump gaining 2 points to hit 49 while Harris also gained 2 to hit 47, so no actual change in the balance between the two candidates. In August Fox News conducted an RV poll which saw a 6-point gain for Harris with her leading Trump 50 to 49. However their poll in late September switched to an LV model, saw Trump gaining 2 points to reach 51 while Harris dropped to 48, a net gain of 4 for President Trump. Finally back in August Bloomberg Morning Consult's RV survey had Trump gaining 2 points to tie Harris at 48. However their new LV model poll in late September had Trump losing a point to hit 47 while Harris gained 2 to hit 50, a net gain of 3 for Harris. So this is some pretty wild data here but I'll try and make some sense out of it. First off we have 3 swingers, Bloomberg, Fox and NYT. They swung wildly back and forth, although in different directions. In the case of the first two they did switch from an RV to an LV model which may account for the changes. However I can't really explain the two 10-point plus swings from the NYT CNN college poll. Now for the remaining polls it seems that we have a tied race with any change being well within the margin of error. So either we have a highly impressionable and mutable voting block in Arizona or we have one that is set in their ways and not interested in changing their vote. Those you can pick your poison on this one as there were multiple polls to support either conclusion. Looking at past polling errors don't really offer any better revelations either. The Hill Emerson appears to be the best pollster in this bunch, nailing 2016 while only slightly overestimating the Democrats in 2020, but well within the margin of error. Both Trafalgar and Rasmussen overestimated Trump in the 2020 election although only by a few percentage points. The worst though was NYT CNN which overestimated Biden by 6 points. At this point it seems to me that the wild correct swings may just be noise and folks like The Hill Rasmussen and Trafalgar have it right and there is little to no movement in the race at this point. Regardless though the race remains relatively close with most showing a contest within their margins of error with some exceptions. But what do you think? Why are we seeing such a different story in the various polling outcomes this time? You think people are going back and forth in their support or are their minds made up in the swing state of Arizona? Let me know what you think in the comments below. This is CoTau and thanks for watching!