 Here's a stat that stands out. The nonpartisan group States United Action says nine in 10 election deniers running for statewide office lost. And most of them, they did the normal thing, meaning they conceded and they bowed out. Arizona Republican Kerry Lake, however, not among them. It was run like they run elections in a banana republic. And the people running it were the number one political goal was to make sure I didn't get elected. Lake, a former local news anchor, she lost the race for Arizona governor. She's now suing her 70 page lawsuit, recycles some 2020 myths and alleges without any evidence that this year, thousands of votes were cast illegally and that Republicans were uniquely disenfranchised by long lines. Our great reporters are back with us. She has been consistent about this. She's an acolyte of Donald Trump. She says he should still be president, that Arizona was one of the states that was stolen from Trump in 2020. She just here, if you read the lawsuit, she has every right to file it, every right to file it, but a lot of it is recycling 2020 stuff and there's no evidence to back up to this year's stuff. It's a different context though than Trump in 2020, 2019. While there is still a well trodden kind of media circuit to run using these kinds of claims, no matter how many times they're rejected by a court, I think all of us are different. The media environment is different. And as you could see from the Dominion voting machines lawsuit, the sort of patience some people have for this kind of behavior is worn really thin. And look, there's also some patience has been lost by among Republicans too, members of Congress, people who are seeing what happened, the election cycle. Last week, the number two Republican, John Thune, told me that independent voters were just not having all the election denialism happening in the GOP ranks. They rejected voters who embraced that theory. So among the least leadership types, they feel like this is the wrong way to go, but how do rank and file voters in the GOP feel? How do some of these candidates at the state level feel? In some way, let me, I fear I'm jumping in, but in some ways, this is a refreshing map I'm going to show you in the sense that after 2020, we had lawsuits and recount demands and protests in battleground state after battleground state after battleground state. This year, there's a recount going on, abortion rights and voting rights measures that passed in Michigan election deniers are paying for a recount of some of the ballots there. That's their right. That's their right. There's no answer there. In Colorado, this is a recount in a congressional race that was very close, even though the Democrat has conceded. It's pretty routine. And here you have now, this is the Kerry Lake suing to contest in Arizona. The thing about, even though there are some Republicans in leadership who are saying that this clearly wasn't a winning strategy, none of them are saying that they won't support Trump if he's a nominee again in 2024. And the poll today out from CNN shows that the Republican base still very much believes what Kerry Lake is peddling, which is that some 65% of Republicans say that they think that it's okay to accept an election denier. Let's show those numbers because it is striking. You could argue it's down some, but you could also argue that's still a horrible, horrific number in that should Republicans accept a candidate who believed 2020 election was stolen? It was 72%, now it's 65%. So that's heading in the right direction in the sense that there's zero evidence, but still two thirds. Well, we're all using the term just kind of election deniers very broadly. Remember, it wasn't just a rejection of these people and their personalities. It was also some of the policies that came, the policy suggestions that came along with this ideology. That you'd hear candidates saying, we're gonna de-register every voter and everyone has to re-register. No one wants that. You're hearing people say, no more early voting, no more this, no more that. Tons of conveniences that the voters have come to embrace in big numbers. So they're asking for rolling back of things that the voters themselves are starting to approve of and enjoy. And I think that's where it gets a little wobbly in terms of backing this style of candidate going forward. But you say getting a little wobbly and yet, and yet in the new house Republican majority, there are still a number of election deniers and Trump acolytes among them, Marjorie Taylor Greene, who was once on the fringe. She is now helping very much, Kevin McCarthy, who wants to be speaker, helping him try to get the votes. I want you to listen to her over the weekend. Remember January 6th, police officers were killed. The vice president of the United States life was threatened. The speaker of the house life was threatened. Everybody in that building's life was threatened. Marjorie Taylor Greene says, if she and Steve Bannon had been in charge, listen. I'm gonna tell you something, if Steve Bannon and I had organized that, we would have won. Yay! Not to mention, it would have been harmed. Wow! See, that's the whole joke, isn't it? They say that whole thing was planned and I'm like, are you kidding me, a bunch of conservatives, Second Amendment supporters went in the Capitol without guns and they think that we organized that? I don't think so. We would have won, it would have been armed. My word's not hers. So, more people likely would have been hurt or killed and the election, the proceedings would have been stopped. By winning, she means they would have stopped the certification of the election. Marjorie Taylor Greene thinks that's a good thing. From House Republican leaders, we have heard what? Yeah, nothing. And the reason why is because of the clout that she now has within the House Republican Conference. Kevin McCarthy needs Marjorie Taylor Greene right now to become elected speaker. Why? Because he has a problem on the far right of his conference, of which she is a part, she is endorsing him. He only can afford to lose four Republican votes in order to become speaker. He already has about four or five who are saying no. Marjorie Taylor Greene is trying to get him elected speaker and she, in exchange, we probably bet she's probably gonna get some influential committee assignments as a result. So when she says outlandish, controversial things like this, you're not gonna hear much pushback from Republican leadership. Because at the end of the day, they need her for their own political benefits. We would have won, it would have been armed. Is there any job in America, any power, worth needing that vote? That's a good question for Kevin McCarthy. I mean, clearly he and Mitch McConnell have said that they haven't drawn any red lines, really, with any of these election deniers. I mean, what Marjorie Taylor Greene is saying right there is that she would have been happy to carry out a treasonous attack on the government. That's treason, what she's talking about. So I think that, of course, the Republican leaders are gonna be asked about it. I'm sure a man who is gonna ask him about it when he goes up to the Hill. But I don't see them stepping away from her anytime soon.