 Now, now, with deportation! Up, up, with education! Now, now, with deportation! Up, up, with education! What up, gang? Kamala Harris, as we speak, is in Arizona. She's at Douglas, on the over town, holding up a little rally. It's exclusive, though. Yeah, it looks like it's exclusive. I did a little bit of research. We were thinking about going to the rally, just to troll some people. You know, it'd be fun. But I did a ton of research to try to find out the details of this rally. I couldn't find anything. And it's kind of weird, because Douglas is only a town of about 15,000 people. And it doesn't really make sense why she would go to Douglas that, with a, for a town that's that small. How's that really going to help her campaign, really? Yeah, this is just a big PR stunt to say that she went to the border. You know, in her four years, as the borders are, she didn't, which is ridiculous. Yeah, it's only her attempt to try to, I don't know, like, first she signals the right word, kind of show that she cares about the border. But we obviously know she doesn't care about the border. And at this point, like, we thought that Kamala Harris was going to go somewhere in the Phoenix area, because that's where over half the population of Arizona lives at. She went earlier in August. That's where a lot of the speculation about the busing happened. We saw a lot of buses coming in. And so that's kind of where that kind of started. And then Trump had a rally a few days later, or a few weeks later, and it just sold out, like way more people. And he recently had a rally a few weeks ago in Tucson, which is like kind of the second biggest city. And we look at some polls about Arizona, and out of the seven swing states, we see Arizona is by far the favorite. It is the most likely to go for Trump. Yeah, right now, if we're looking at the battleground states, Trump is up two in Arizona, and all these states, again, are neck and neck. Trump is up two in Arizona. Harris up 1.2 in Nevada. Harris up 0.9 in Wisconsin. Harris up 1.8 in Michigan. Harris up 0.4 in Pennsylvania. Trump up 1.2 in North Carolina. And Trump up 1.5 in Georgia. So again, all these races, neck and neck, across the board, the average comes down to Trump with a 0.1 lead across the board in all of those battlegrounds, which again, super tight. This race is too close to call this early. But we are positioned better than we have been, even since 2016. Definitely compared to 2020. 2020, Biden was up 3.5 across those battleground states. Right now, it's pretty even. In Arizona, Biden was up 3.4. Now we're looking at Trump up 2.0. So that's a over five point swing. And we're seeing that for all these states shifting heavily to Trump. Even in 2020, in Ohio, Biden was up 3.3 at this point in time. And now Trump is up nine points in Ohio. So there's been some major swings towards Trump and the momentum has gone towards Trump. And so I honestly, I see, I think Trump's gonna win this whole thing. I think it's safe to say that Arizona isn't necessarily in the picture for Kamala Harris right now. It's her big, it's gonna be her biggest battle. It's gonna be the hardest for her to obtain. And if she really cared about Arizona, she wouldn't be campaigning in Douglas, which is a town, again, of 15,000. In my opinion, I think that Kamala Harris is doing this so she can overall strengthen her stance or narrative on the illegal immigration and her stance on that, just overall. It's not necessarily to help her polling and her numbers in Arizona, because obviously, if she did that, she wouldn't be in Douglas right now. She's just trying to make it appear that she cares about the border, which she really doesn't. And honestly, I think, in my personal opinion, I think it's safe to say that Kamala Harris has just given up on Arizona. I'm looking at the real clear politics. There are no toss-up right now. We'd have Harris winning 276 to 262 against Trump, and that's, Trump gets Arizona, North Carolina, and Georgia. Harris holds the blue wall, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and she keeps Nevada. Even if Nevada goes red, it's still 270, she wins. Because at the end of the day, all you need is 270. If she gets that blue wall, I personally think that's the easiest way to victory. And I think the Trump campaign, obviously, both campaigns are really heavily attacking Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania is the state to win in this election. If you don't win Pennsylvania, good luck winning the rest of the election. Honestly, sometimes it feels like none of these polls even matter, we don't even, they're never reliable. But something crazy that came out from Gallup, and this is a first. Looking at Gallup, getting the party identification compared to the actual victory margin has been pretty consistent. In 2008, there was a plus eight for the party identification for Democrats, and then Obama wins by 7.2. 2012, D plus four, Obama wins by 3.9. 2016, D plus three, Clinton wins popular vote by 2.1. And then 2020, we see D plus five, and 4.5% in a popular vote. Well, this just in 2024, Republicans actually have a three point advantage on party identification, which is crazy. I mean, if that's true, we could be looking at Trump winning the popular vote by 3%. More bad news in this poll for Democrats, we see Republican Party leading by five points on being able to handle the most important problem. We see the party better able to keep America prosperous. Republicans have a six point advantage, only a 39% approval rating for the presidency right now, and then Republicans with a one point advantage in party favorability. And now this, this is crazy. The party better able to keep America safe from international threats. Republicans have a 14 point advantage. And I think it's... Sean's my CTE, he's kicking it around. Dude, skip the toilet. And what I see when it just comes down to voter enthusiasm, I don't see people just lining up to vote for Harris. I do see Trump signs in the laws, I see people with the Trump flags. People like Trump, there's momentum for Trump. I think maybe on some of these polls, people will say they lean towards Harris, but I don't think that's gonna convert to actually coming out to vote during the election. I don't think there is much enthusiasm with like independent voters or anything like that. Just people who are already gonna vote for Kamala just have more voter enthusiasm. I don't really thought it changed much. But we see that Kamala's desperate for a second debate because she's really not doing too well. I feel like every day a new poll suggests that Donald Trump is up by another point in the popular vote. Like every single day that Kamala's, her polling numbers are just slipping away. So in my opinion, this race really is Trump's to lose. I think he's got it in the bag. I just look at the turnout. I don't expect Democratic turnout to be as high as it was in 2020. Even with all their get out the vote efforts, which they definitely seem to be better than Republicans are. I think Republicans, I think independents are angry against how things are right now. I think they will show up. I think all the Harris people just aren't gonna come out on election day. And for me, the biggest thing I think that Democrats are voting for is the issue or the topic of abortion. I think that's gonna be the biggest driver to get people out to vote in this upcoming election for Kamala Harris. I just don't think we look at polls. Abortion just is not the most important issue. People care about, they can't afford anything. Inflation is horrible. And we look at crime, we look at immigration. And if you look at just Harris's campaign strategy right now, she's trying to run towards the right on those issues. She's trying to campaign as the border hawk. Well, you're not. And we have four years of records showing that you're not. And we have all these old clips, which we just showed you about her saying, you know, down with deportation and wanting to give amnesty, wanting to give illegals for college, all this stuff. It's just kind of a big mess. But that is gonna do it for today. We hope you enjoyed this video. Make sure to subscribe to our channel and make sure to subscribe.