 Economic issues are top of mind for many voters this election year and Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump appear to have significantly different ideas on how to handle things like taxes and tariffs along with government spending and regulatory policies. Joining us now is economist Dennis Hoffman from ASU's W.P. Carey School of Business. Dennis, always a pleasure. Good to see you here. Great to be here, Ted. Priorities, policies, messages. How are the Tween not meeting? Well, you know, it's it's really interesting to me to to think through the differences in policies of the two candidates, Ted. I'm also very interested to hear feedback from opinion polls about who they think would be best to who people think would be best to handle the economy. And here's the way I rationalize it. It tends to be Mr. Trump in the opinion polls in the answer to the question, who will be best to handle the economy? And I think that really is is pretty simple. If you think about it, people are upset about inflation. The most recent president has been President Biden and Vice President Harris for the last almost four years. And the recollections of 2018 and 2019 were Mr. Trump. And there was no inflation then. Ergo, they conclude that Mr. Trump would be better in fighting inflation. But the question is, what are the policies of Mr. Trump going forward? It's not about 2018, 2019. It's about the policies going forward and the policies of of Ms. Harris. Vice President Harris vows to take on price gouging as a way as a way to combat inflation. That makes sense to you. Well, it's you know, that's the buzzword when you want to be anti corporate and, you know, point the fingers at those nasty corporations. But I will have to acknowledge the fact that when there is inflation in the economy, when there, you know, when there's three, four, five percent inflation, corporations have pricing power. And that's when they have they take on the opportunity to raise prices. We just found out today, as I mentioned, in headlines inflation down to two point nine percent. It's not the two percent that the Fed seems to want, but it seems to be enough to lower interest rates next go round is the numbers seem to be heading in the right direction. But when you're at the grocery store, when you're at the hardware store, are the numbers heading in the right direction? They're heading the right direction. They're absolutely heading the right direction. You know, this two percent thing, it's it's problematic, I think, Ted. You know, this was back in 2014, 2015. Inflation was hovering around point five or one percent. And the Fed said, let's set a two percent inflation target because they were so far below it. Yeah. And that somehow magically became inflation. You know, in the 80s and in the 90s, we had three and four percent inflation. We did pretty well. Now, three and four percent may be too hot for today's folks. But, you know, somewhere in the twos is is great. And in when you think about that grocery store real quick, when you think about those prices at the grocery store, remember, your wages are up almost as much since 2019. Let's talk about taxes. Trump has already said many times he wants to cut taxes, extend his twenty seventeen tax cuts. Harris said looking for a middle and working class tax credit, which would be kind of similar, I guess, to redeemed in the same way that the Biden tax credits were implemented. Do these make again, do these make sense in terms of impacting the economy and impacting average Americans? Well, if you're worried that the biggest problem in the economy right now is overheating and inflation, tax cuts are a fiscal stimulus. I mean, we've got a huge fiscal stimulus in the pandemic and that's really at the root of a lot of our inflation problems. Another set of tax cuts and it's you know, and it's it's targeted tax cuts on tips, on social security recipients, maintaining tax cuts on high income individuals, tax cuts on corporations. This is going to be inflationary. No doubt about it. Harris wants to increase corporate tax rates. Trump wants to cut corporate tax rates. Yeah, it's like one month up, one month down. It's kind of fuzzy as to how much up and how much down. Does that make a difference to me standing in the checkout line? No, no, it doesn't. It doesn't seem to make much difference on Wall Street. If you look at if you look at trends, it certainly does exacerbate the deficit, though, Ted. And if you're worried about debt, you know, more tax cuts. Anyone worried about debt anymore? I mean, goodness gracious, you can't even count that high. Right. And we're told that, you know, the Republican administrations and Mr. Trump will cut spending. They're going to spend. It's borrowing spent. You know, they point the fingers at the Democrats and say Democrats shouldn't be taxing and spending. I think taxing and spending may be marginally better than borrowing and spending. At least you pay for some of it. Trump says he can he can pay for tax cuts and he can pay for all of this by increasing tariffs. Ten percent across the board. And if it's coming from China, 60 percent. Tell me how inflation. How does that not impact inflation? Well, I've spoken on this show many, many times about my tendencies to be a pro globalist and the benefits of of trade and international trade. Tariffs and protectionism is a. These are ideas that are stuck in the 70s, the 1770s. This was before Adam Smith wrote Wealth of Nations. These are just job killers. They're not pro growth. It's not like you're going to get back at some foreign country by raising tariffs. Tariffs will result in retaliations. We'll just spiral down and things will cost more. But the idea is that what you get from China, especially, but in from other even Canada and Mexico, if you if you're on the Trump side of things, you can build, you can make, you can sell here at home. You're buying that? Ultimately, I suppose. Well, we have two choices. We either pay a lot for it at home, go go without it. But in the transition, what are we going to do? We don't make any TVs in this country. I mean, what what are we going to do in the transition? And that's what I'm concerned about. And all I see is price increases. And so the question is, why didn't we see inflation in the first Trump term? And the answer to that really is the first couple of years, there were some pretty good policymakers, I think, along with the Trump administration. They left or he fired them. Mr. Navarro pushed them over the edge with with tariffs. We got kind of tax cuts then hit. But the economy, you know, we started the late teens in pretty good shape. So that moment I'm carried forward. And then, of course, the pandemic hit. And the pandemic, I would argue no president would want to be saddled with that. That would have been very difficult for Ms. Harris. And it was obviously difficult for Mr. Trump. So back on the big one. I think is inflation. I think that's the one that people are going to be focusing the most about between Harris and Trump. Do either one of them have a firm grasp on how to ride that horse? Well, it's you know, it's going to be tough, you know, to to analyze Ms. Harris. You know, if you don't want your taxes raised and you're a high income earner, you're not going to be a fan of Ms. Harris. She's probably going to raise taxes for high income people. Right. She says not for lower income people. I think the Harris administration would be more likely to let the Federal Reserve continue their fight against inflation, which they appear to be winning. Mr. Trump, if you look at what he did in the late 2018, he got all upset because the Federal Reserve tried to raise rates in late 2018 and it was very upsetting. He wants low interest rates, low interest rates right now. Too fast, too much cutting be good for some of us. But it would also be inflationary. We should mention that he also wants more executive control over the Fed, which that's right. Yeah, that's right. So you got Fed independence or intervention and meddling in the Fed. Dennis Hoffman, ASU economist. Good conversation. Good to see you. Fun to talk about this stuff, Ted.