 You have any plans to visit the border? At some point, you know, we are going to the border. We've been to the border. So this whole thing about the border, we've been to the border. We've been to the border. You haven't been to the border? And I haven't been to Europe. And I don't understand the point that you're making. I'm not discounting the importance of the border. Well, I mentioned- I seriously don't understand how this woman is running for president. Who in their right mind would vote for someone like her? We've been to the border. We've been to the border. We've been to the border. Um, ma'am, you haven't been to the border. Oh, yeah. Well, I haven't been to Europe. I don't understand. I don't understand what you're saying. And I'm looking at this like, what? Why would you sit there and blatantly lie, we've been to the border. We've been to the border. Well, you haven't been to the border. What are you talking about? It's absolutely insane. But half of America is going to vote for this woman. And that should tell you all you need to know about half of America. And I'm literally, I honestly, it's kind of scary. I'm not scared. I'm not shivering in my boots. Don't get me wrong. But when you really think about it, it's kind of scary that people will go stand in line to cast their vote for a woman like this. It's not just about all of her failures as vice president. It's about how blatantly dumb she is and how she laughs everything off as if it's a big joke. Because that's her crutch. She thinks that she can just laugh and all of the problems go away. And to be honest, it's been working for her. It's been working for her. But as her laughs and giggles distract the idiots that still pay attention to the mainstream media, the reality on the ground, it's hard to ignore. It's hard to ignore the prices of groceries. It's hard to ignore the price of gas. It's hard to ignore that our country is being flooded with illegal immigrants and in some cases, legal immigrants because they're finding loopholes to pretend like a lot of these people are legally coming over here when in reality, none of us agreed to it, right? But Kamala Harris has a new strategy. You see, for the longest, they tried to pretend like Kamala Harris has nothing to do with the border. She's not the border czar. She's not in charge of the border. They tried to just disassociate her from the border altogether, act as if she had nothing to do with it, even though we all know that's a lie. Well, now they flipped the script and now they're just trying to blame Trump for the border. And it's crazy because I've never seen someone currently in office blame all of their current problems on the last president. But when you have a voter base that's dumb enough to vote for Kamala, you can literally say anything. So all of the problems that Joe Biden and Kamala Harris have caused, all of their failed policies, they're now just putting it all on Trump. And if you listen to the average leftist talk, you would think that Trump has been president for the last four years. If you go and have a conversation with your average Kamala Harris voter, the way they discuss the problems in our country, you would think that Donald Trump was president for the last four years. It's almost as if they don't acknowledge that Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are in the White House right now. But as Kamala continues to try to blame the southern border on Trump, which we know that's not the case, no one has talked about illegal immigration and the southern border more than Donald Trump. It literally gets to the point where even I, I'm like, all right, I'm tired of hearing about this. I get it's a problem, but I'm tired of hearing about it. That's how much Trump talks about it. It's one of his main talking points and rightfully so, because it's one of the biggest issues we're facing in America. Meanwhile, the Democrats act like it's not a problem as they continue to flood our country. But now they're trying to flip the script and blame everything on Trump. So I think it's important that you watch this news clip and you all get a dose of reality. I want you all to see. I want you all to see some of these numbers. I want you all to hear about some of these criminals that the Kamala Harris Administration, that's what I'm going to call it, because Joe Biden ain't president anymore. He hasn't really been with us for the last four years. This is Kamala Harris is doing. So I want you all to watch and listen as they explain to you all the type of people that are coming across our southern border that Kamala Harris has allowed into our country. So let's go ahead and roll the clip and then I'll be right back. Sandra, bear with me. We just got these numbers moments ago, but it's a jaw dropper to say the least. So to set the stage here, let me just explain what these numbers mean. ICE has something called a non-detained docket. Essentially what that is, is it means migrants who were encountered by DHS but are no longer in federal custody. So who's on this non-detained docket? It's illegal immigrants who were caught and released at the border, released with the court date years away. They're in immigration proceedings combined with illegal immigrants who have already been ordered, deported from the country by a judge, but are still here roaming the country. So keep that in mind, this non-detained docket. According to a letter that the acting director of ICE just sent to Texas Congressman Tony Gonzalez on ICE's non-detained docket, they're currently tracking 425,000 non-citizens who have been convicted of a crime. Of that number, over 13,000 non-citizens have convictions for homicide and are on the non-detained docket, meaning they're roaming the country right now. On top of that, there are another 15,811 non-citizens convicted of sexual assault who are roaming the country right now on ICE's non-detained docket. It doesn't stop there. Those are convictions. The ICE director also says there are currently just under 1,900 non-citizens on the non-detained docket who have pending homicide charges who are roaming the country, and another 4,250 non-citizens who have pending sexual assault charges who are roaming the country on the non-detained docket. So people's eyes might be glazing over right now with all the numbers we just threw at you just to put it in a nutshell right here. What we've learned from the acting ICE director via this letter to Congressman Tony Gonzalez is right now there are over 13,000 illegal aliens convicted of homicide who are roaming the United States right now. There are another 15,811 illegal aliens roaming the country right now who have been convicted of sexual assault, and there are even more who are facing charges for homicide and charges for sexual assault. So this just goes to show, guys, the non-detained docket has exploded under the Biden administration to over, I believe, it's 7.3 million. They're anticipating it could hit 8 million by the end of the years, but looking at the numbers on this letter right here, there are currently over 600,000 non-citizens on ICE's non-detained docket who are either convicted, excuse me, 600,000 non-citizens on this non-detained docket who are roaming the country right now. Of that, 425,000 have already been convicted of crimes. 222,000 are pending crimes. And again, the most serious crimes we just told you about, over 13,000 convicted of homicide, over 15,000 convicted of sexual assault. And honestly, that is not a surprise to hear given these horrible headlines we keep seeing popping up in multiple parts of the country almost every day now of a horrible sexual assault or a murder or another violent felony committed by an illegal alien who is often caught and released from custody. And the jaw-dropper here, too, guys, is all these numbers we just rattled off, they don't even account for the nearly two million Godaways who have crossed our border under the Biden administration. Those almost two million Godaways, they were never encountered by DHS. They snuck in, they were never caught by Border Patrol, they were never encountered by ICE. There's no record of them, so they have nothing to do with the numbers I just rattled off to you. These are just the numbers of people that ICE has already encountered, that Border Patrol has encountered, that DHS knows who they are. And we just saw those horrible stories in Nantucket the other day. ICE ran a week-long operation in Nantucket, and in a single operation in a 48-hour span, they arrested two Salvadoran illegal aliens who came into the country as Godaways and were arrested for child rape on Nantucket. They got a Brazilian guy who was arrested for sexually assaulting a Nantucket resident, and then a Guatemalan guy who was previously deported who was arrested for sexually assaulting a Nantucket resident. So we keep seeing all these headlines about migrant crime popping up in different cities all over the country. This right here is the first time we have ever seen specific numbers as to who and what ICE is tracking when it comes to convicted criminals who have crossed the border at some point and are either supposed to be deported or are going through their immigration proceedings but are not in ICE custody right now and are roaming the country. So I'll ping it back to you guys, but some pretty jaw-dropping numbers that we are still going through as we speak right now. So America has basically become the dumping ground of the world. Hey, everyone, send your undesirables here. It used to be you would think that it was women and children. They were helpless and fleeing, and we got to help them. We got to provide something for these people coming to our country. That's not the case. It's fighting-age men. And it's not just fighting-age men. It's men who probably wouldn't even make it into the military in their countries because of their criminal records. We got murderers. We got people who do things that I can't even speak of on YouTube. And they're just sending them here by the boatload. And Kamala Harris is welcoming them on in. Yeah, come on in. Make sure you vote for me in the future. Make sure you vote for Democrats in the future because that's what this is about. I talk a lot about the problems going on in Springfield, Ohio, over on my main channel. Understand that there's an agenda. There's a plan. They want to pump small communities with these immigrants so they can turn those areas into blue areas. They want to come into red states. They want to come into red towns, right? And they want to pump them with a new voter base. And they also want to go to blue areas and solidify those areas as blue by pumping them with a new voter base. It's all part of a plan. This has nothing to do with them feeling bad for these people. This has nothing to do with them being sympathetic about their living conditions. What you got to realize here is America is responsible for half of the problems going on in these other countries, right? We go in. We overthrow these governments. We destabilize these regions. And then we try to take in the refugees after we ran amok over there. And that's what's happening, right? A lot of the problems going on in Haiti, you could blame the Clintons for that. And it's deeper than that, I know. But on the surface level, you can do your research and see some of the destruction they've caused over there, some of the weird shady stuff they got going on over there. So a lot of these areas, it's areas that were affected by the US government doing shady stuff. And then we say, hey, we'll welcome in all of these refugees. We'll give them a nice home. They don't care about these people. They just want the votes. They just want the votes. And in many cases, there's a lot of money to be made off these people. You get cheap labor. The rich is getting richer and the poor is getting poorer as the immigrants are coming in and they're trying to replace the lower and middle class with these people who they view as a new voter base. And there's no vetting. You can do anything, anything in the world, any crime that you can imagine. And half the time, I don't even think these other countries are sending people to jail anymore. I think they just send you to America. Oh, you did this, you did that? Oh, well, we're sending you to America, the dumping ground. And other countries are laughing because they know they're taking advantage of our weakness. They know they're taking advantage of our weak leaders. And they know they're taking advantage of the American people who in many cases are more sympathetic than other people around the world. Your average American is more sympathetic than someone who's living in one of these war-torn countries that doesn't view the world, that doesn't view human life in the way that we do. But we're going to get even more of this of Kamala Wentz. So, go ahead and prepare because we don't know what's going to happen. And, I mean, I don't want to say too much on this platform, but I'm kind of worried about how this election is going to go. Not because I don't believe that Trump can beat Kamala, it's because of the other factors that are at play here. And best believe there's already shady stuff going on. But for now, go ahead and let me know your thoughts down below while you're down there. Hit that thumbs up, hit that subscribe, ring that notification bell, and if you find yourself getting too worked up by all of this, remember, it's just political cinema.