 And when we fight, we win! The sidewalk leading to the event venue was filled with rally attendees braving triple-digit temperatures to see Vice President Kamala Harris. Harris visited Arizona on Thursday evening and delivered remarks at the Rawhide Event Center in Chandler, Arizona. This rally follows Harris's appearances on several television shows and podcasts throughout the week. Polls indicate that Harris and Trump are in a tight race in Arizona, though the data suggests Trump has a slight edge due to the margin of error. Harris criticized former President Trump's announcement that he would not accept any further offers for presidential debates. Donald Trump officially ruled out any more debates. And this will be a very tight race until the very end. And we are the underdog. We are the underdog. So we have some hard work ahead of us, but we like hard work. Hard work is good work. Harris honored the late Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona. And it required one more vote to keep it intact. And that vote was the late, great John McCain, a great American, a war hero John McCain. And I'll never forget that night. And John McCain came walking into the well of the United States Senate and said, no you don't. No you don't. No you don't. No you don't. It was late, late, late in the night. They were trying to get rid of the Affordable Care Act again. Harris recalled about the Senate vote. Harris also diverged from her usual campaign message to encourage Arizonans to vote in a state referendum aimed at protecting abortion rights. Now more than one in three women in America lives in a state with a Trump abortion ban, including right here in Arizona, three and a half million women. She criticized former President Trump for nominating US Supreme Court justices who contributed to the overturning of Roe versus Wade. Donald Trump, when he was president, hand selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention that they would undo Roe. Harris asserted that under her leadership, women would retain the right to choose. And many of these bans, like the one in this state, have no exceptions even for rape and incest. It is immoral. And I know we all know one does not have to abandon their faith or deeply held beliefs to agree. The government should not be telling her what to do. Harris stated, currently in Arizona, abortion is legal for up to 15 weeks, but thereafter, it is permitted only in medical emergencies, with no exceptions. She also discussed the importance of preserving tribal rights and responsible water policy. And I promise you as president, I will continue to invest in drought resilience so that communities like those across Arizona have what you need to thrive. Harris affirmed. Harris framed the election as a critical choice between herself and Trump, highlighting the GOP nominees past statements about wanting to be a dictator on day one of his presidency. He who has vowed if he were reelected, he'd be a dictator on day one. Harris said, so much is on the line in this election, 26 days to go. And this is not 2016 or 2020. The stakes are even higher. As remember, a few months ago, the United States Supreme Court told the former president he is effectively immune from whatever he does in office. Someone who suggests we should terminate the Constitution of the United States should never again stand behind the seal of the President of the United States of America. Never again. Never again. Never again. The vice president also expressed her concern about Hurricane Milton by specifically mentioning Florida, which also faced devastation during Hurricane Helene. Before I continue, I will say a few words about Hurricane Milton, which has cut a path of devastation across Florida and follows closely, of course, on the heels of the damage caused by Hurricane Helene to communities across the Southeast. I know as you do that our heart goes out to everyone who has been impacted by these storms. Our administration has mobilized thousands of federal personnel across the region to work hand in hand with local and state officials to give folks the help they need. I have spoken with state local officials, both Republican and Democrat, to let them know we will be with you every step of the way as you recover and rebuild. Thank you.