 Major political primaries slated for Tuesday, testing former President Trump's endorsement power in Arizona, Michigan, Kansas, Missouri and Washington state. The clearest choice yet for Republican voters, Trump endorsing Arizona candidate for Governor Kerry Lake, who was taking on Karen Taylor Robeson, a Republican backed by Mike Pence. Despite Trump facing serious allegations of helping incite the January 6th attack on the Capitol and then allowing the violence to fester for hours, his picks for office are on the cusp of winning major races. In Arizona, that also includes Mark Finchem for Secretary of State and Abe Homiday for Attorney General, each saying they would reverse the results of the 2020 election if elected. One incumbent Republican who was facing a tough re-election, Arizona House Speaker Rusty Bowers. You were asking me to do something against my oath and I will not break my oath. Bowers testified about the pressure he faced from Trump allies to send Trump's fake slate of electors to D.C. instead of Biden's. Now he's trying to withstand a challenge by another Trump backed contender. In Michigan, a similar dynamic. Tudor Dixon, Trump's latest pick for governor, has perpetuated the falsehood that Trump actually won Michigan, he in fact lost by more than 100,000 votes. And in Congress, three Republican House members, who voted to impeach Trump after the insurrection, are on the ballot on Tuesday facing primary challengers by Trump backed opponents. Peter Meyer of Michigan is one of them. His Republican rival, John Gibbs, claims Meyer's vote to impeach showed a lack of loyalty to Trump. Any leader of any organization has to have a certain amount of loyalty from the people that are working on an organization. The Democrats in a risky move even running TV ads, highlighting Gibbs' ties to Trump. Gibbs called Trump the greatest president. Presumably thinking he's an easier general election opponent to overcome. Potential jockeying this summer, but with huge implications for control of Congress next year and for who is running swing states in that all important 2024 presidential race. All right, Vaughn joins us now from Arizona. And Vaughn, that's where I want to start. I know you've been covering that race for governor on the Republican side pretty in depth. What's your sense today as the voting is going to end and as we're going to see who's going to win this race? There are so many people are watching across the country. Right, Tom. I mean, look, this is a Republican primary. So Republican voters are going to be the one deciding and among Republican voters in Arizona who I talked to, Donald Trump remains a popular figure here. And his back candidate, Kerry Lake, was a longtime popular news anchor here. So she was reputable and then tie that in with Donald Trump's endorsement. She is the clear front runner tomorrow, but also would very well be a viable general election candidate if she could broaden her appeal some. All right. We're going to have to wait and see what happens there with that. And then Arizona, of course, not the only state with a crowded Republican field. Missouri has one as well. We have some late breaking developments tonight. Right. This is a crowded field here in Missouri and Donald Trump had not endorsed until literally this evening when he just put out a statement saying that he was endorsing, quote, Eric. Well, the issue is that there's two Eric's time. There is Eric Schmidt, the attorney general, and there's Eric Greitens, the former governor. Now there's a lot of questions of whether he was going to only give the endorsement to Greitens right now, who is sort of the underdog, but he's the former governor who is facing a series of allegations, including domestic abuse, sexual abuse, blackmail that has made a lot of Republicans nationally concerned about if he were to win this primary and go to the general election, could the Missouri Senate seat potentially fall into Democratic hands?