 Well friends, I'm here to tell you that my parents were not the worst. I am not the worst. My children are not the worst. You are not the worst. It's time to say goodbye to hate and division. It's time to say fuera con Trump. Fuera! Fuera! Fuera! Goodbye to the racist, sexist, homophobic dog whistles taking us back in time to hangers in back alleys, back to the bus, and back into the closet. Cuando fuera la jira como la primera el caldessa, latina de la ciudad de tucson, rompimos el techo de Cristal que abi existido por mucho tiempo. Ya ora le estoy piediendo que hagan lo mismo y rompan, lo que queda de este techo. Cuando mondemos a camo la heres a la casa blancas de no bienbre. Arisona, si se puede. Si se puede. It's when we fight, when we vote, y cuando luchamos gracias. Please welcome Phoenix Mayor Kate Gallego. Oh, she got a head in the clouds and she's not backing down. This girl is on fire. This girl is on fire. Phoenix, Phoenix is Harris country. Fellow Democrats, independents, and some smart Republicans, it is good to be here with you. Long time voters, first time voters, we are in the final week. We have one job to do, get out the vote. We are gathered here on Halloween. Tonight we'll see a lot of spooky costumes, but we know there is nothing scarier than four more years of Donald Trump in the White House. We know what it's like, and it will be worse this time. Repealing Obamacare, ripping away women's rights, racist rallies, using the military to jail his political opponents. My fellow Arizonans, in five days we have the chance to say loudly, we are not going back. It is time to turn the page, to elect a new generation of leaders who can bring out the very best in America. Leaders who will lift the middle class and those who want to be in the middle class. Those leaders are Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. They want the future we all want, a future where the American dream is achievable for every family, not just the few already at the top. A future where women have the right to control their own reproductive freedom. A future where it's cooler to read books instead of ban them. A future that appeals to the better angels of our nature, one where we're more united than divided as a country. The future that Vice President Harris can build. We know that works here in Arizona. The Biden-Harris administration led the way to pass the CHIPS Act, which is helping transform America's economy. In Arizona, it's put us on the cutting edge, leading the world in manufacturing. 13,000 manufacturing jobs, 42,000 construction jobs. And I'm proud to say, so many of those are union jobs. We will continue to prosper under President Harris. And just last week, Donald Trump attacked the CHIPS Act and all of the Arizona jobs that come with it. If there was any doubt, he made it clear to us, Arizona's economy cannot afford Donald Trump. Donald Trump's plan will only hurt Arizona, rolling back the CHIPS Act, opposing a new tariff tax. We can't afford that. It's time for a new way forward, and I know that Kamala Harris can lead the way. This is the most consequential election of our lifetime. We all know it. We have five more days, one more weekend to knock on doors to talk to our friends and neighbors. I'm ready, and I know you are too, to turn this battleground blue. Send Vice President Harris and Governor Walz to the White House. Thank you. We will continue toizz crown day by day. People keep on learning Soldiers keep on moving Soldiers keep on learning Soldiers keep on learning All your people keep on dying Whoa, keep on turning high Come and bring me to one I'm so down, glad and I'ma try again Cause my last time on Earth I left the whole world of sin I'm so glad that I know my head I know death Gonna keep on trying to kill life, reach my highest ground Teachers keep on teaching Teachers keep on preaching Whoa, keep on turning high Come and bring me to one Oh, no Lovers keep on loving Believers keep on believing Sleepers just stop sleeping Cause it won't be too long I'm so glad that I let me try again Cause my last time on Earth I left the whole world of sin I'm so glad that I know my head I know death Gonna keep on trying to kill life, reach my highest ground Cause my last time on Earth I left the whole world of sin I'm so glad that I let me try again Cause my last time on Earth I left the whole world of sin I'm so glad that I left the whole world of sin In the ground we bend The seeds of a pen All the things we carry Now we're down to our bend May I have this dance to flute Can I sing something crazy, I love you Give me both your hands to flute Let me stand beside you We're bound to inherit The sins of our parents And all the people we pass through Now we're down to the last two May I have this dance to flute Can I sing something crazy, I love you Give me both your hands to flute Let me stand beside you You got your, your mother's eyes You got your grandmother's ring You got your daddy's discernment Girl you did your thing Oh give me one more One two one two always on beat You must've been born with two right feet I know you been looking for something hungry You must've been born with two right feet You said one two one two always on beat I know you been looking for something hungry You must have been born with two right feet You must have been born with two right feet Said, I love you more than your mother More than you love yourself May I have this dance? Can I say something crazy? I love you, man Give me one more chance Give me one more chance, give me one more chance, give me one more Let me stay and explain to you Let me stay and explain to you Can I say something crazy? I love you, man Give me one more chance Give me one more chance, give me one more Let me stay and explain to you Calling out around the world, Are you ready for a brand new beat? Summer's here and the time is right For dancing in the street Dancing in Chicago, Down in New Orleans In New York City, All we need is music There'll be music everywhere There'll be places where music and records are played Dancing in the street, Oh, it doesn't matter what you wear Just have a moment you won't wear So come on, every hour, around the world, everywhere Around the world there'll be dancing in the street If there's an invitation across the nation A chance for folks to meet There'll be lads and singin' and music swingin' Dancing in the street, Philadelphia PA Dancing in the street, Baltimore NBC Dancing in the street, Can't forget the motor city All we need is music, we use it There'll be music everywhere There'll be swingin' waves and records are played Dancing in the street, Oh, it doesn't matter what you wear Just have a moment you won't wear So come on, every hour, around the world, everywhere Around the world there's a dance in Dancing in the street, Oh, way down in New Orleans Everything there's a dance in the street Let's warm up these long lines Get out of time with dancing in the street Standing in the street, oh, I'm about to open the door Let me ask you, we're standing in the street again Oh, but I'm arriving, just smooth sailing These kind of streets Now she had it, east down the border The vole Said I like the way, said I like the way You sail your ship now, let me be your cover It's ho JJ, SNES I want you. What's up? Said I like the way you say that like the way you say your shit back and they be all subhuman now Darling Sweet pretty baby, won't you be my lady? Sweet honey darling, you know I'm calling. I want you Said I like the way that I like the way And say sit down and be your problem. I won't break it down Go honey, I want to go where you die Leaving home, out on the road. I've been down before Riding along on this big old airplane I've been thinking about my home But my love life seems so far away and I feel like it's all been done Somebody's trying to make me stay, you know I've got to be moving on Oh big old Jedi, I know, don't carry me too far away Oh big old Jedi, I know, cause it's here that I've got to stay Goodbye to all my friends and on goodbye to people I trusted I've got to go out and make my way I might get rich, you know I might get busted But my heart keeps calling me backwards as I get on the 707 Riding on, I've got to do my as you know you've got to go through hell before you get to heaven Big old Jedi, I know, don't carry me too far away Oh big old Jedi, I know, cause it's here that I've got to stay Touching down in the wind and down, feel the heat coming down I've got to keep on keeping on, you know the big wheel keeps us spinning around I'm going with some hesitation, you know that I can surely see That I don't want to get caught up in that funky kicks going down in the city Big old Jedi, I know, don't carry me too far away Oh big old Jedi, I know, cause it's here that I've got to stay Oh big old Jedi, I know, don't carry me too far away Oh big old Jedi, I know, cause it's here that I've got to stay Yeah yeah yeah, big old Jedi, I know Don't carry me too far away Oh big old Jedi, I know, cause it's here that I've got to stay Oh big old Jedi, I know, carry me to my home Oh big old Jedi, I know, cause it's here that I've got to stay Just five, forty five, don't get out of line Ooh ooh ooh, click aside, only double lines we cross is dollar signs Ooh ooh ooh, hold on, wait, I hear you just got paid, make it rain, energy Shima can't coheem or centripet, be waving the room, the crowd gon' move Look around everybody, oh mute, look around, it's me and my crew, big energy We was on stock mode, got force, force on page mode, no pulse Chuck too much, go keep on load, that's that code, like energy, energy, energy, energy Yeah yeah, cold links, broad dinner, you know that we do it grande You know that I'm gon' be extra, when the camera go pop pop pop pop pop Keep on waiting like da da da da da da, ooh la la la That's the way them boys sound when I walk through the black black black Did not oozy that doozy, shot shot shot Mending up in this, popping up pain and champagne through the ceiling Sipping it up, flicking it up, all is good energy Got you all in your feelings, feelings, I'm crazy, I'm swearing, I'm daring Your man's daring, I just entered the country with dairnges Cause them Karens just turned into terrorists We was on stock mode, got force, force on page mode, no pulse Chuck too much, go keep on load, that's that code, like energy, energy, energy You better think, think, think about what you're trying to do to me Think, think, think, that you might go let yourself be free Let's go back, let's go back, let's go way on, way back when I didn't even know you, you couldn't have been too much more than 10 I ain't no side country, I ain't no black, two, three degrees But it don't take too much time to see what you're doing to me You better think, think, think about what you're trying to do to me Think, think, let your man go let yourself be free Oh freedom, freedom, freedom, freedom Oh freedom, yeah freedom, I'm freedom, freedom, freedom, freedom Oh freedom, oh freedom, yeah, make a balance Please, make a balance Ain't nothing you could have said today, you could have won But I was gonna change, I'm not if you keep doing things I don't You better think, think, think about what you're trying to do to me Oh freedom, think, let your man go let yourself be free People around everything, playing games and taking scores Plan to make other people losing their way over here before you don't lose your mind Oh freedom, think, think, think about what you're trying to do to me Please welcome Arizona Governor Katie Hobbs This goes out to the women working hard 9 to 5 What a 9 to 5, what a way to make a living Baby gettin' by, start taking and no giving, baby Use your mind and they never give you credit It's enough to drive you crazy Hello Arizona It is so great to be with all of you We're so excited about this election And I know it's not just because the TV ads and the text messages will stop We are excited because Arizona is going to send Vice President Harris to the White House And, and Ruben Gallego to the US Senate And we are going to flip our legislature for the first time in over half a century I know that this sounds cliche, but it is true Everything we care about is at risk this November Our democracy, our reproductive freedoms An economy that works for middle class people like you and me And it's all because of the chaos caused by Donald Trump And I know, I know the consequences of that chaos all too well In 2020, as your Secretary of State, in the face of threats to myself and my family I stood up to his big lie to defend the will of Arizona voters But we could only do that because Arizonans made their voices heard We did it because of 20,000 votes in 2018 And just 10,000 votes in 2020 And then And then two years ago, I asked Arizonans to put sanity over chaos yet again And we did I defeated Trump's chief chaos agent and was elected governor by just 17,000 votes And because of those votes, we repealed the 1864 total abortion ban We canceled $2 billion of medical debt for a million Arizonans We've created more than $100 billion in the state of Arizona And we did it because of the $1 billion of medical debt We've created more than 110,000 good paying jobs And we put more money back in the pockets of middle class families, not billionaires But without those 17,000 votes, Arizonans right now would be living under a Civil War-era abortion ban Without those 17,000 votes, our very democracy would be threatened with Trump's chief election denier in charge But the fight for our democracy didn't end in 2022 It's ongoing right here and right now Yet again, the nation's eyes will be on Arizona It is us who will decide if Donald Trump or Kamala Harris will be the next president It is us who will decide if abortion bans continue to restrict our fundamental freedoms And if indicted, fake electors and insurrectionists will continue to control the agenda at the Capitol And this November, the choice couldn't be more clear It's time to put an end to Trump's darkness It's time to move beyond the division and beyond the bullying And chart a new way forward with Vice President Harris and Governor Walz We know that they will lift people up, not push us down They are committed to lowering costs, protecting our rights, and ensuring that we all have an opportunity Not just to get by, but to get ahead So Arizona, once again, we need to get out the vote And not just the people here now, because I know that you all are going to vote, or you already have And I know that you're all talking to your family and your friends and your neighbors about voting But I need you to go to your campaign office, I need you to knock doors and make phone calls And do everything you can to elect Democrats up and down the ballot And when you think you can't knock another door, I want you to remember this 17,000 votes And grab another walk packet Sign up for one more phone-baking shift and fight, fight, fight to bring this race home Because every single door that we knock, every single phone call that we make, and every single voter that we talk to will matter And if you all do this for the next five days, we will restore our democracy We will protect the right to abortion in our state's constitution And we will flip Arizona's legislature for the first time in more than half a century And we will banish the chaos once and for all Let's go win this thing Please welcome former Congresswoman Gabby Giffords and U.S. Senator Mark Kelly In the maze of her imagination, the love is done Even if that doesn't ring true You've been all over me Hello, South Phoenix That was Gabby's favorite song, by the way It is so great to be here with all of you Thank you, everybody It is really awesome to be back just five days before such a critical election Now, Gabby and I played rock, paper, scissors to see who would go first Guess who won? Gabby Giffords, everybody Hello, fellow Americans I'm Gabby Giffords. I was born in the great state of Arizona I was born with crit. I grew up racing motorcycles, mucking stalls, and exploring the beautiful desert I fell for an astronaut For five years, I served in Congress from a swing district Everybody called me a rising star Then on January 8, 2011, they tried to assassinate me She shot 19 people, he killed six Terrible, terrible day I almost died, but I fought my life and I survived I learned to walk again one step at a time I learned to talk again one word at a time So many people helped me as I worked hard to recover, including decent men from Delaware who always checked in on me He still does Thank you, Joe Biden. Thank you for everything Joe is a great president. My friend Kamala will be a great, great, great president She is tough, she has grit Kamala took up to Wall Street in the DeGroote Company. She will protect abortion access She will defend our freedom. She will save lives Join me in voting for Kamala Harris. Thank you Thank you, everybody So, folks, Gabby and I don't have to tell you the stark choice we face in this election Donald Trump wants a national abortion ban Kamala Harris will restore those freedoms and protect Roe v. Wade Donald Trump wants another tax giveaway for billionaires And he wants to implement a bunch of ridiculous tariffs that will jack up costs for Arizona families by $4,000 a year And just last week, he said he will torpedo our semiconductor industry here in our state, costing, that will cost Arizona, tens of thousands of good paying jobs Kamala Harris is going to lower housing costs She's going to lower the cost of prescription drugs And she is going to cut taxes for the middle class Not for Donald Trump's billionaire friends Donald Trump has never served anyone except for Donald Trump Kamala Harris has been a prosecutor, attorney general, a senator, and now vice president And now she is ready to be a president for all of America And as Gabby has just said, Kamala Harris is going to make a great president So folks, how do we make sure that Kamala Harris and Tim Walz are in the White House and Ruben Gallego is in the Senate? Folks, this is not rocket science. If it was, I could help But it ain't. This is just all about who works harder We are five days out from such a critical election So, what's the first order of business? It is to vote and to vote early So I want folks to head to iwillvote.com to find voting locations and make a plan to vote Number two, this is the second thing that Gabby and I need all of you to do We want you not to leave here unless you sign up for a volunteer shift So for everybody here in person, if you're here in person, find a volunteer and sign up Please do that And for those of you who are watching from home, I want you to head to go.kamalaharris.com I'm going to say that again, go.kamalaharris.com to get involved There's nothing more important that you can do today The football game's on later tonight We need you to do this today This community, right here in South Phoenix, this community has the power to decide who the next president of the United States is That is a huge deal, folks It is a really big deal You could decide who the next president is And if we work harder, over the next five days, we're going to turn the page and move this country forward Thank you very much, everybody Thank you Thank you, thank you Thank you, thank you Thank you Thank you, thank you Thank you It was only a kid, it was only a kid Now I'm falling asleep And she's calling a cab while he's having a smoke And she's taking a drag Now they're going to bed And my stomach is sick And it's all in my head But she's touching his chest Now he takes off her dress Now let me go I just can't walk, it's killing me And taking control Jealousy, turning snakes into the seams Twirling for sick love I'm joking on your hourglass But it's just the price I pay Destiny is calling me Open up my eager eyes Cause I'm Mr. Brightside I'm coming out of my cage And I've been doing just fine Gotta, gotta be down because I want it all It started out with a kiss How did it end up like this? It was only a kid, it was only a kiss Now I'm falling asleep And she's calling a cab while he's having a smoke And she's taking a drag Now they're going to bed And my stomach is sick And it's all in my head But she's touching his chest Now he takes off her dress Now let me go Cause I just can't walk, it's killing me And taking control Jealousy, turning snakes into the seams Twirling for sick love I'm joking on your hourglass But it's just the price I pay Destiny is calling me Open up my eager eyes Cause I'm Mr. Brightside I never I never I never I never Got a baby girl sleeping in my bedroom And her mom laughing in my arms There's a sound of rain on the rooftop And the game's about to start I don't really know what I got here But I'm so glad that I did And it's crazy to think that one little thing could have changed all of it Maybe it didn't turn out like I planned Maybe that's why I'm such a lucky man For every stoplight I didn't make Every chance I did or I didn't take All the nights I went to fall All the girls that broke my heart All the doors that I had to close All the things I knew but I didn't know Thank God for all I've missed Cause it led me here to this... Like the girl that I loved in high school Who said she could do better On the college I wanted to go to Till I got that letter All the fights and the tears and the heartache I thought I'd never get through At the moment I almost gave up All led me here to you I didn't understand it way back when But soon you're here right now It all makes perfect sense Every stoplight I didn't make Every chance I did or I didn't take All the nights I went to fall All the girls that broke my heart All the doors that I had to close All the things I knew but I didn't know Thank God for all I've missed Cause it led me here to this... I cried when my mama passed away And now I got the angel looking out for me today So nothing's a mistake Every stoplight I didn't make Every chance I did or I didn't take All the nights I went to fall All the girls that broke my heart All the doors that I had to close Everything I knew but I didn't know Thank God for all I've missed Cause it led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this... It led me here to this.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................