 Right now, Mondays with Megan joining us as she does every Monday through the election. Dun dun dun. Is Megan McCain her fantastic podcast, Citizen McCain. Megan, how are you today? I'm so good, how are you? Thank you for having me. Thank you for joining us. We'll be doing this every Monday. You know, a lot of talk over the weekend about how- Careful what you're about to say. I'm getting there. Okay. Don't worry, I'm easing into the pool. Careful what you're about to say. I'm not going all- A lot of talk. Okay, let's leave already out of this. Yeah. Okay. All right. I know. It's so untoward. So Democrats are saying that your dad, John McCain, would back Kamala Harris if he were still here today. All right. Why are they saying that? Do you like that they're saying that? And would he back your dad? Excuse me. No way around. Would he back Kamala? Sorry. So I don't know if you know this, but maybe you do, Gaydos, because I know you were pretty good friends with my dad. But he was very close with Hillary Clinton when he was alive. He liked her. They were really good friends. They would like drink together when they would go on the road in their off time. And he had really lovely things to say about her. And she was actually someone who like called him when he was dying. And she's someone that like, I know, like if she were at a restaurant, I would certainly go up and say hi to her. Mm-hmm. And I have never- I met Vice President Harris once when she was a guest when I was still working at The View. I don't know her at all. But my dad did not endorse or support Hillary Clinton when she was running against Trump. My dad throughout his entire career was asked by Democrats, including John Kerry, by the way, to be his running mate when he was running for president. It was like an unofficial, official ask for my dad to be his bipartisan VP pick. Democrats are always trying to like sort of co-opt my dad's brand. I do not believe that he would have endorsed Vice President Harris for just- I'm going to give you two reasons that are easy for the radio. One, Afghanistan and two, Israel. My dad would have been, I mean, like disgusted and repulsed at the pullout from Afghanistan, which happened at her watch. And number two, he was, I mean, arguably, I think the most hawkish supporter of Israel in the Senate for decades. I think he would have stayed out of it. I don't think he would have been a Trump supporter either, obviously, for a lot of other political and personal reasons. I think he would have stayed out of it. And the best part about him was that he was emboldened to no one and nothing and no party. And I find it sort of bizarre that the same people who had really gross and ugly things to say about him for his entire life up until he was diagnosed with brain cancer now want to be just like him. And if they want to be just like him, they should be like him and be bipartisan and be respectful of both sides. So I don't think he would have endorsed her. I don't think he would have supported her, but I find it like just, I mean, hilarious that everyone, everywhere wants to be him now. It's Mondays with Megan, Meghan McCain with us right now, as we will do every Monday at four o'clock. What a great way to start off the week, Meghan. Now, I think you said something interesting there. And I think a lot of, I'm going to call them traditional Republicans, McCain Republicans, I think is now the terminology we've all kind of, Harris is a bridge too far for them, but so is Trump. There are people without a country, they're stuck in the middle, whatever you, however you want to decide it. And, you know, we live in a time, Meghan, where everyone is trying to force you to pick the lesser of two evils. Yeah. And I'm allowed to dislike both and sort of be grossed out by both for different reasons. But what's interesting about the quote unquote, McCain Republican, which again, I'm like so proud to be one. So proud that there's around statistically 14% of the Republican party, give or take a little more in Arizona, by the way, who still identify that way. It's a very powerful and important voting block, which there has been articles in the New York Times and the Washington Post, the New Yorker did an article just last weekend about Vice President Harris trying to reach out to them. It's a voting block that is just, you know, not to be graphic on the radio, but it's completely disrespected and just like, you know, just, just treated like we don't exist and we're not relevant in any way all throughout the primaries, our throughout the election. But election day comes creeping up on all of you. And let me tell you, my phone's ringing off the hook, different people trying to tell me who I should support for what reason, running off the hook where McCain Republicans should go. And I'm telling you, I think more than likely they write in someone or they begrudgingly vote for either candidate, but begrudgingly. But I think that's a lot of people are just going to vote down ticket. That's what I'm going to do. Or I'm going to write in gato. That's two votes he'll get. Cause you know, darn well he's voting for himself. Come on, I would totally not do that to two. Congratulations kids. It won't just be a singular vote. We're talking president, right? You voted me for president, right? Meghan McCain. Meghan McCain is joining us Mondays with Megan. She's got her podcast, Citizen McCain. All right. The bizarre stuff from the weekend from Trump. Let's get into it. Okay. I mean, this is just weird stuff. He's handed out fries at McDonald's. And it was, you know, it was a stunt and some people thought, well, it made him relatable. Then he starts talking about Arnold Palmer will play this clip. Horrified. He took showers. All right. I mean, do we need to even go? Okay. We will. He took showers with the other pros. They came out of there. They said, Oh my God, that's unbelievable. I had to say it. I had to say it. Did you not hear this Bruce? You've been out of the country. I was out of the country, but believe me, it even played where I was. Yes. Meghan, are you like me? I am never going to have an Arnold Palmer again or a fresh drink. Trump has ruined that drink for everybody. Can I tell you it's like my favorite drink and I feel weird about it. You order no, no, no. People are going to be like, so, so what do you, what do you get? What are you, what are you angling for? It's weird. It's really, I mean, I, you know, I hate stuff like this. It's just vulgar and graphic. And I don't like anything I can't like talk about with my mother when it comes to politics. You know what I mean? And it's just, just weird. I want to talk about this with you guys with all due respect, I get to grow. Yeah. Okay. Let's go. Let's go to the other side of the weird. He was at McDonald's. Okay. He's at McDonald's. He's doing the, he's handing fries out. I'll play a clip. Keep it tight. So he's, he's got the apron on. He took his jacket off. He's handing out, you know, fries. I mean, this is the strangest election I've ever seen in my life. This is like Michael Dukakis in the tank. Does this actually, Megan, make him more relatable? There are people that say, oh, that guy's a man of the people. I'm like, wait a second. He's a billionaire and he lives in a gold palace. So the thing I don't understand about this specifically is he's doing this to troll her because now there's a lot of reports coming out from like places like the free beacon. There's no proof that she actually worked at McDonald's. So it's very weird to run your campaign where you're like trolling your other candidates. But I will say like in terms of these stunts and what they're both doing, I do think there's an element of him, him looking like he's having a good time and being joyful. And Alex Caselano is like a famous Republican strategist says the candidate who is the most joyful tends to win. And I looked at a clip of vice president Harris today with Liz Cheney and Maria Shriver and they look miserable. Like they looked uncomfortable. They looked unhappy enough. I were advising vice president Harris campaign, which I am not, they have not asked me. I would be like, make sure she looks like she's having a good time because he does look like he's having a good time. That being said, this election, I really believe is going to have a giant impact won or lost on the votes of women, particularly angry women. And he is doing nothing right now to reach out specifically to female voters directly, which is something she is doing. And if I were him, I would stop with the bro podcast and stop with the stunts trolling VP Harris and do something that reaches out to women in one way or another. Maybe he's not capable, but I do think that it is a very bro friendly campaign. And if you're a conservative woman, it's another reason why I'm like, you know, sort of in hell or high water right now, because there's just no candidate or platform that seems to care what our opinion is. Well, I mean, I wonder, do you think that puts a state like Arizona in play when it comes to the abortion issue? And yet look, the 2020 to show that there could be a huge shock. My sister-in-law was working for Speaker McCarthy at the time. And that office was convinced that it was going to be a blowout for Republicans. And it was a big surprise to her and a lot of other people working in politics, especially here in DC, that we ended up losing as badly as we did. That is the million dollar question. How much will abortion and abortion rights for pro choice women bring women out to the voting booth? I still think Trump is more than likely to win Arizona just from polling I've seen and just I just think, you know, around the everything I'm hearing from people that I trust in Arizona. But I do think it could potentially put different states in play. But the other question mark is how many votes does he get in the African American male demographic and Hispanic men, Hispanic women, if he ends up pulling off 20% of the black male voter will be the highest vote since 1960 with Richard Nixon, black men voting for President Trump. And if he ends up getting the Hispanic vote at 52%, it's going to be the highest since George W. Bush in 2004. So the question I have is just how much of a demographic shift is he able to accomplish to achieve making up for the fact that he has a serious deficit and a serious problem with female voters? Last one for Megan McCain. She joins us at four o'clock every Monday. So one of the big stories last week involved Kerry Lake and Ruben Gallego running for Senate. And Lake was just saying we've got to find out how they how he got divorced because, you know, he's beating, he beat women or he's he's a womanizer. He could be physically violent. And she put all this stuff out. And then, you know, the judge released what was in the the the file, if you will, the Ruben Gallego, Kate Gallego divorce. And there was none of that in there. And, you know, that kind of exposed Gallego's child as well. And the reason that Kate and Ruben, I guess, were saying, hey, we wanted to keep these records, you know, kind of private and is because of our son. Well, you know, when your dad was running, obviously, you know, it seemed like kids were were were you couldn't do that. Kids, kids were off limits, totally off limits. And it was that way with the Obama girls and and and Chelsea Clinton and et cetera. What do you make of of Lake bringing up all that stuff that ended up not being true? And it's it's you know, he did she did that to Ruben Gallego throughout this whole campaign insinuating telling people don't vote until you know what's in there. And now we know what's in there. And it's nothing. Look, I'm going to tell you something. And I hope I don't get you in trouble with your Kerry Lake listeners, because I'm sure there are people listening to your show that are going to vote for her. But she is one of the most disrespectful, obnoxious clownish candidates of of this election cycle and the cycle before when she ran for governor. Everywhere I go, and I'm talking like nationally in other states that are not Arizona, somebody brings her up to me about what an embarrassment she is to Arizona. And there's a lot of Republicans that are doing it. I talked about last time how she's losing between anywhere from five to 16 points, depending on which polling aggregate you read and trust, I would put big money in Vegas that she's going to lose this election. And it's in no small part because of, you know, garbage like this, leave families alone, leave kids alone, any decent person believes that and agrees with that. And I think she's just someone who has proven herself time and time again to be indecent. And if there's one thing I know about people in Arizona and voters in Arizona is that character and candidate quality still really matters. And they're not matter in other states. But you're seeing that, you know, Trump is likely to win Arizona by three points, and she's going to lose by possibly 10 to 16. That's a you problem, lady. If you can't drag your you know what over the finish line, because you're that intolerable to people. And now you're going to go after your opponent's children in this way. I mean, you know, she deserves to lose my big question mark is if she's going to run for election again and have us lose something else and make Arizona a Democrat state for the rest of my life, because people keep nominating her and she keeps losing, but I will I will not be sad when she loses. She's put my family through a lot of drama and a lot of garbage. And I find her a completely intolerable, ineffective, inefficient, ridiculous person. And from friends of mine that are in Trump circles, I hear she spends a vast majority of her time at Mar-a-Lago following him around whatever that's worth. Other than that, Mondays with Megan, Megan McCain on because I have opinions. I love it. I love it. It's great. And I feel bad because I'm sure you've got some lake supporters listening, but I gave you a warning. Yeah. Yeah. But again, you know, we of course, we have lake supporters listening. We've got lake haters and it's it's a little bit of everybody and you got to say what you feel. Mondays with Megan, Megan McCain joins us at four every Monday up until the election. Her podcast, Citizen McCain, Megan will talk to you next Monday. Thank you so much. Have a good day, guys. Bye. Thanks for watching outspoken with Bruce and gaitos. Tap to watch more from KTR news and click the button in the middle to subscribe.