 Okay, I mean it's a stump speech. This is the speech that she gives everywhere. It's the same thing. The same lines you might have heard before. Yeah, it's the standard. Yeah, and most politicians did this before Trump. Trump doesn't, you know, I think Trump when he goes and does his, I'll call it a show, because it's kind of a show. Well, he starts with the stump speech. I think he starts with that and he's got a little bit. And then when people get bored, he goes off front. Well, I don't know if people get bored at a Trump thing. I mean, you never know what the guy's gonna say. Well, they don't like him reading off a teleprompter. They like when he riffs. Anyway, the crowd is just super hot for her. There's no question about it. There is 15 to 20,000 people. They pack the place. They've been there since one o'clock. So I want you to think about it. Like for me, could you imagine going to a concert four hours beforehand and waiting and waiting and waiting? No, I don't want to see anybody. That's part of it. But the other part of it is like you run out of steam after a while. And this crowd has not run out of steam. Everybody and anybody except for our governor was there. Oops. I just don't think she likes being part of this kind of thing. And she said she had something else to do, but we've heard her do that before. But Ruben Gallego was there running for Senate. We've got Kate Gallego was there, the mayor of Phoenix. Mark Kelly was there with Gabby Giffords. Mayor of Mesa, John Giles, Republican mayor was there. Obviously, the governor of Minnesota was there. He's the running mate. Governor Walls. Am I missing anybody else? There were a few other speakers, but it's yeah, you got him. All right. Well, why don't we why don't we take a couple of minutes, talk about the speech. OK. OK. I mean, what did you think of it? Because the one thing that I like, you're not going to really learn a ton of stuff here. I think I think if you're asking me, what's the bottom line on this? The bottom line is she got 20,000 people to go out there. And and this place was loud. Excited. She used the word joy. I mean, I think if you're a Democrat, you're just loving it's not Joe Biden. You absolutely love it. She is definitely put it put a spark in most people who are Democrats. Can she get the independent vote in Arizona is going to be a massive question. But I mean, in terms of a rally and we've looked at numbers, this may be the largest Democratic rally in the state of Arizona. History. Partially because Arizona has has only been a swing state for a few years. Yeah, it never used to be that way. And Democrats were like, yeah, I'm not going over there. I don't think JFK was spending time in Arizona. Right. You go back in terms of excitement. She definitely brings that in terms of policy, in terms of doing a sit down interview, in terms of we really don't know remains to be seen. Yeah. What did you think of of I've seen this is the same term is the same speech. She's given a few other times at these other rallies. So there's nothing you didn't hear before. She did touch on immigration, which was kind of added to this speech. We were wondering how would she address it being in Arizona. And she did at least in her version of it. Keep in mind, it's platitudes. It's, you know, big promises and things. But she did bring it up. All right. We had a chance to pass the toughest bipartisan border security bill in decades. But Donald Trump tanked the deal. 100 percent right. But is she going to talk about the answer is no. Her part in what's happened at the border the last four years. You really can't. You can't do it. You don't have anything to stand on. You guys have been horrific in D.C. And we've seen numbers that we've never seen before. So what will happen if she's the president? When I am president, I will sign the bill. OK. OK. Can I ask you a question? It has to pass Congress. It's very easy for a president to say that. It's like when Trump says it, I'm going to do that. It has to go through Congress. You know, would Trump sign that bill? No. She will. Don't you think? Yeah, Trump wouldn't be able to sign it because then people go, well, why are you OK with it now when you weren't OK with it then? So he's going to have to throw a bunch of other stuff in it to make it the Trump bill and then it wouldn't pass Congress. Should we believe that she would sign it? I believe so because President Biden said he was going to sign it even before Trump came out against it. I mean, you you had kind of a no brainer. It was the most conservative border bill that had probably ever made it through a committee and made it onto the floor of the Senate. Yeah. I don't know, man. I'm not convinced that she would sign it after what I've seen from Biden and Harris. I don't know if she's really interested in in doing something. I mean, on the other side of this, only from this standpoint, I couldn't care less about the border. I don't issue. I care. I care about finishing my top 20 things I worry about. I care about the board. It doesn't affect me any way, shape or form on a daily basis. Not at all. This doesn't affect me. Yeah, I'm not in a negative way. It affects me in a positive way, but it doesn't affect me in a negative way. I don't think we should be letting everybody in. And I think that the asylum issue has to be fixed. It must by law. And Biden has not changed the law, has not done that. Change the law. Yeah, the executive order. Not the job of the president to change the law. The job of Congress. Executive order actually has worked. We'll see what we'll see if the I don't want to king. I won't vote for Trump, not in a king. I want Congress to do the job that it's supposed to do. I would love for our immigration laws to be changed. Until then, follow the bleep in law. Yeah, it'll never be changed. We're a nation of laws. I don't think it'll ever be changed by Congress. That's why you have Trump who did all the executive orders. That's why you have Biden who did all the executive orders. Yeah. Let me like either. Let me bring something up from Kamala Harris and she's she's wrapping up. She said she's running as an underdog. Well, I mean, I think that's true. Other than a few little polls that have come out in the last few days. I mean, they're still Trump is ahead in a majority of the swing states. I'm not so sure that's the truth. I don't think other than a couple of polls. When you're still looking at the polling average, which is taking into account, granted, maybe things that are a little older than two weeks. Okay, but Arizona and again, you know, take it with a grain of salt, but she she leads plus three in Arizona. Latest poll on one poll. Right. Yeah. Nevada. She's plus six in a poll that came out yesterday in the polling average. Trump's up one point five in Arizona in the polling average on real clear politics. Yes. Okay. Looking at four polls that have come out in the last two weeks. Trump's up one point five, which is margin of error. Don't get me wrong. It's close. It's not good for Trump, though. He was up seven Bruce. Oh, yeah, he was up much more. He was up seven to eight points against Joe Biden. Yeah. So clearly we've got people in Arizona that are saying, okay, I didn't like Biden. I didn't like Trump, but I think you're going to see people say, okay, well, Harris isn't either of them. She might not be the best pick, but she ain't the two old guys. And maybe that's why the tide has turned. Well, and I think what you're seeing too is it's not that Trump's numbers have come down. His support is what it is. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, it's that independents and or Democrats came back to the Harris side. What was the poll that we talked about the other day where he was up by 15 points with independent voters across the nation. It was a morning console poll. Yeah. Okay. And now he's down by eight. Yeah. Kind of completely flipped around. And we'll see if that stands, but I have no idea. Right. But that's the argument. And again, you look at what happened today out in Glendale and this rally. Is this sustainable? It's August. We're 80 something days from the election. Is this sustainable? What will, listen, she's going to say something stupid. There's going to be a flub, a gaff or whatever. I don't know. There's plenty of opportunity with debates. Debates one on one interviews. It's going to happen. Yeah. How, how will they deal with it then? How will that, will it blunt any of the momentum? The good news is I would argue if you're them, I think the reason they feel good about it is Democrats. They know that Trump will shoot himself in the foot three times a day. So don't worry. Just put a microphone in front of him and let him go. Kamala Harris finished up her speech in Glendale. We carried a portion of it live on KTA art. Let me hit you with this one. Yeah. It is interesting that during some of the rallies that Harris and a running mate have had, the crowd starts chanting lock him up and they both. They stopped the crowd. They don't want to hear that. And I think, okay, so how does that play? Because they should love that, but they're like, they're trying to be above it, which we know they're not, but. Well, no, I, and I think, I don't think at this point it's an accident. Okay. So I'm saying this is the plan. The plan is to be positive and lock him up is not positive. So they did it when walls was speaking and he said, no, no, no, we're just going to beat him at the, at the ballot box or something like that, you know. And that is a choice that they have made. Right. Yeah. To stop this from being like the chant that you do. Yeah. Cause that's an angry chant. Right. And this is not a, they, this is their words, not mine. Yeah. They, they're trying to be happy warriors. And you don't do that with, uh, that kind of, uh, vitriol or anger. So, you know, I mean, you have to talk about your opponent at some point, don't get me wrong. So is this a campaign of, and I'll use, uh, Harris's words, freedom and joy versus Donald Trump. America's burning. America's a hellhole according to America's a hellhole. It's gone to hell and a handbasket. Well, fear. Horrible. Works. But if it's not backed up with any reality, I mean, are the streets burning? Did I miss something? Listen, we got problems in the country. I, I totally get it. But, um, I think that's, that is certainly the case. Well, we're going to find out. Harris wants to, to pitch America. Listen, we're not all doom and gloom. Yeah. Um, we're hopeful and they're just, they're kind of doing the opposite of, of how Trump. Counter programming, as we would call it. And of course, I mean, well, this is the, you can't out Trump Trump, right? Yeah. But you can't be all nice and happy and joyous because we do have problems here. We've got to tackle these issues. But you don't have to hate people to tackle the issues. Well, I think both sides unfortunately hate each other. Well, one side has a candidate who, every time you put a microphone or camera in front of it, it gives you the list of people he hates. Well, he's got a big list. There's a list of the people he hates. Yeah. On any given moment.