 This audit that they're doing in Arizona, they launched it in April. They said it would take three weeks. It's of course now mid-July and they're still going strong. They made clear today that they're definitely finding all the fraud they've been fantasizing about. But it's definitely going to take lots more investigation, lots more materials, probably lots more donations from Trump supporters nationwide. It looks like they will subpoena more stuff from the county, Maricopa County, where they got all these ballots from. The way they were talking about it today, it sounds like they think they've got weeks to go, maybe months still to go. It's such a big complex investigation. There's no sign actually that there was anything wrong with the presidential vote in Arizona. The head of Cyber Ninjas, the guy on the left, this random QAnon-promoting guy who Arizona Republicans assigned to lead the audit, he kept insisting at this hearing today that this is an incredibly complicated, incredibly complex, very, very difficult process. And therefore it's going to take a lot more time and obviously a lot more money for him. It's going to take lots more work to figure it all out. Maricopa County itself, the county they took all the ballots and the voting machines from, they responded today with this, quote, it's complicated and difficult for Senate contractors to do this audit because they are not qualified to do this audit. It would be like asking Doug Logan from Cyber Ninjas to play point guard for the Phoenix Suns. That too would be complicated and difficult because he's not qualified to do that. That was from the county itself today. The chair, the Republican chair of the county board of supervisors, responded to this briefing on the Arizona clown show audit today with this. He said, quote, it's clear the people hired by Arizona Senate leadership to supposedly bring integrity to our elections are instead just bringing incompetence. At today's briefing, the Senate's uncertified contractors asked a lot of open ended questions, portraying as suspicious what's actually normal and well known to people who work in elections. In some cases, they dropped bombshell numbers that are simply not accurate. What we heard today represents an alternate reality that has veered out of control since the November general election. Senate leadership should be ashamed. They broadcast the half baked theories of the deep rig crowd to the world today. To Senate leaders, I say stop accusing us of not cooperating when we've given you everything qualified auditors would need to do this job. Finish your audit, release the report and be prepared to defend it in court. Former President Trump said today that Arizona must decertify its election because he won there and he won it. All the other swing states, too. He is ready to be reinstated as president. Why is it taking so long? He said today, quote, the Arizona Senate patriots are moving forward with the final results to be announced in the not too distant future. But based on today's hearing, why even wait? Yeah, why even wait? President Biden should just move out now because Republicans and cyber ninjas have fixed the problem of Trump apparently losing the election. Now he gets to be president again. Why even wait? So, I mean, in all seriousness, that whole thing about Trump thinking he's still president and importantly telling his supporters that the fraud has been proven and Biden's only pretending to be president and he got there based on a crime. And he needs to get thrown out because he's not a real president. He's illegitimate. That little thing that's getting worse and not better right now. That's heading faster and faster toward a cliff that keeps getting higher and higher. Ignoring that problem is not making it go away.