 Good morning, Matt Salmon. Good morning. How are you? Filling in for Mike today. It's nice to see you sitting in that chair. Well, you know what? I can't feel it like Mike does. Well, I don't know if you have the biceps or not. You don't wear those tight t-shirts like he does. So he definitely has the guns. Well, it's nice to see you this morning. All right. Nice to be here and thank you and good morning. This is a day that will go down in infamy for many, many, many, many, many years to come. This is 9-11 and Jan Brewer, former governor of Arizona and a dear friend of mine is on the line with us. How are you, governor? Good morning, Matt. I'm doing fine. Yeah. What do you remember about 9-11? What were you doing when the towers were attacked? I remember it so vividly. I was at Banner's Samaritan Hospital, standing and waiting for a cardiology test examination early in the morning. And there was a TV there and we're sitting there about five or six people and we saw the tower hit and I stood up and I looked at it and I just stood there kind of paralyzed and people were kind of murmuring, you know, their heads. And finally I said, that's got to be a terror attack. And we just stood there paralyzed and then it fell and then I was called in and I was talking to my cardiologist and when I got out, it was all over the news. It was just so horrible. We knew that America had been terrorized. It was an awful day. It was numbing. I remember what I was doing. I was actually on working out at the gym and I was on the treadmill when I watched it. I thought it was one of those crazy reality shows or something at first. And then when people started talking about the devastation and then it was a likely terror attack, I couldn't even believe that that was happening on American soil. It was. It was just shocking. It is absolutely shocking. I saw a bit of the memorial today with the families talking and the grandchildren talking about their grandfathers and stuff. And it, you know, to have that kind of an impact for so long of living people in regards to that, God bless America is all I can say. I agree. Jan, did you get a chance to watch the debate last night? You bet. What did you think? Absolutely bet. What were your impressions? Well, I thought it was interesting and I thought that Terrace Kamala did a lot better than we all expected her to do. And I was a little bit disappointed in Don Donald that he was angry and scowling that I don't think so very well. But, you know, and I know and most people know that debates really don't change a lot of people in their opinions. And I wish that he would have talked more about policy. I thought that, you know, I'm not he would have been it would have been a hit a big, big hit for him. But and, you know, he's not running against Biden. You should have taken a gun along with her records. And then, Matt, you know this, you know, we've known each other for a long, long time and served together. And we know our party sometimes is sometimes crazy. But what are we doing talking about immigrants eating kittens? That's just nuts. I think we should talk about all of the. I don't know. It sounded like maybe a segue to what the vice president picked for Trump was talking about cat ladies. Maybe, you know, maybe trying to get them on board. I don't know. But I know when I heard that, I mean, I just literally just started laughing out loud. My wife was watching with me and and I could not contain myself. I mean, it just sounds so ludicrous and to have somebody, you know, who has been the president of the United States, bring up something like that. It was embarrassing. I know it really is. And is that the best political statement that we can make to motivate undecided voters to vote for GOP candidate? My God. But neither one of the candidates talked at all about policy last night. And that was really, really frustrating me. One of the frustrating things to me personally is neither one of the candidates and shame on the moderators to ask didn't even ask the question about our crushing national debt. Oh, I know. I know. You remember when we used to have it on the TV and I would go cut, cut, cut, cut, and then everybody was talking about it. Not anymore. It's just by God. Just spend, spend, spend, spend. No restraint. And and anybody who's taken a class in economics, even in the basic class in economics understands when the spending gets to a point where the Federal Reserve just has to print money to pay our debts. That ends up cause causing the dollar value of the dollar to drop and and goods and and services to cost more. That's that's that's probably the biggest reason we're dealing with inflation. The inflation we're dealing with today in my view. Yeah, well, you're right. You're absolutely right. And it's something that our kids certainly don't understand. And they just they don't know anything about economics. They don't know anything about inflation. They don't understand anything about the deficit. Because nobody's talking about any of that. Yeah, it's a it's a real travesty that they didn't cover that last night. So you and I are on the board of a group called the Defend Democracy Project. Can you tell us just a little about that and what the goals that the group has and what they're trying to accomplish? Well, we truly believe that we live in a democracy. We had to defend it and we were concerned about people not understanding how elections are run. And you know, there are always hiccups, but it's important that we get the word out there that they can trust our elections and that we've got great people working in elections. And they're nonpartisan. We've got checks and balances. And yes, there are hiccups, but it's not happening in the amount of numbers that are going to make any difference in the election. And signatures are verified in Arizona in order to vote. There's a lot of misinformation out there. So we're trying to inform the public that they need to vote. They need to vote by mail or they can vote in person. They can put in a drop box and it's going to be okay. It's going to be safe. And now we see people kind of joining that bandwagon. And I take a lot of pride in thinking that the Republicans now are not, you know, like they were way back when the last election. They said it was stolen. I've kind of backed off in saying that mail-in ballot thing is okay. Absolutely. And you have extra credibility on this issue because you, before you were governor, were Secretary of State and your prime responsibility was to oversee Arizona's elections. Right. I was the Chief Election Officer and I worked with all the county recorders and I wrote the procedures manual and we did the LMA testing on the equipment and I was just so impressed and amazed. I'd always knew a little bit about it because I'd worked at the, you know, at the county before that, I was the chairman of the board of Medical County Supervisors. But, and it's all, you know, elections and work with Ellen Purcell, etc. But once I became Secretary of State doing it, you know, in our office, it just amazed me how diligent and how hardworking are the people that actually do the election works are and they've been there a long time. They've got credibility. I mean, they're not just here one day or next election. They're, they've been there for years, most of them. Absolutely. What, we only have just about 50 seconds left, Governor, but they're one of our dear friends, mine and your dear friends, Chuck Coughlin, made the comment that there really isn't a Republican Party in Arizona anymore and that the de facto party has become turning point USA. What do you think about that? Well, you know, our party, we don't seem to have a platform that we all knew as we were growing up and when we started running for election, it doesn't seem like our platform is there anymore. But I think we got to get work hard, stay in there, fight the good fight and remind people what Republicans are all about and what it is they need to do to bring our party back to the good old days, the good old grand old party. And it's up to us. Every, every registered Republican needs to remember what we stand for and what our platform is. We need a feisty spokesman like you again. We can join hands. We can go on a tour. Governor, it's such a pleasure to have you on. I know I get to see a bit more of you lately and that's been a wonderful thing in my life. God bless you. God bless you. Thank you, Matt. Have a great day. Thanks, Governor.