 Good evening from New York. I'm Chris Hayes. Like so many Republican controlled states, the state of Arizona, which of course narrowly flipped for Democrats at the presidential and Senate level, has seen a Republican push for voter restrictions in that state. Yesterday, that push to restrict access to the ballot box ran into an unexpected roadblock. After Republicans introduced a restrictive voting bill, like ones we've seen in dozens of other states, one Republican state senator defected to stop the bill from moving forward. You might think, oh wow, a Republican breaking with her party over this anti-democratic push to change the rules, but no, no, no, no, no. She is mad. It is not more restrictive. I am committed to fixing the problems in this election system in Arizona, even if it means my name is in red on this board and you guys can say it's a temper tantrum. Absolutely I'm upset about all of my election bills dead. Absolutely. I'm upset. You want to see a temper tantrum. I can show you one if you really want to see it, but I will use me. I can show you a temper tantrum. Well, that's kind of the Republican party of the moment in microcosm, isn't it? Because the extreme right wing has taken over the Republican party of Arizona, including the Republican party chair in that state, Trump loyalist Kelly Ward. Remember Mitch McConnell called her chemtrail Kelly because she was so nutty. Not only are they introducing restrictive voting legislation, they are also undertaking a truly insane audit of the 2020 election vote five months after the election. No, I'm not making up this. They are actually, look, they're doing it as we speak. That's them. That's them auditing the vote. This is a live shot of an actual audit of the actual physical ballots that were cast. And they are doing this because they think they are going to find some smoking gun that Donald Trump actually won Maricopa County. I'm your chairwoman, Dr. Kelly Ward. And today we are going to be talking full forensic audit because you want to know our whole state wants to know the nation wants to know in the world wants to know what happened in 2020 in Maricopa County and beyond. In case you thought this was going to go away, it's not. I mean, first off, we know what happened in the election. Joe Biden won and nobody knows what they're talking about. Sputes that election officials in the courts have found no merit to allegations of fraud or errors. Remember all that's got litigated in Arizona court, multiple courthouses. So there's really no reason to do an audit at all. But moving on from that, the head of the company that was hired to oversee this forensic audit actively promoted Donald Trump's attempt to undermine the election. Tweeting stop the steal and fight back and retweeting a post saying, I'm tired of hearing people say there was no fraud. It happened. It's real. And people get better, get wise, fast. That is the guy running the audit, the audit that's happening right now in those live shots. His name is Doug Logan. Okay. Now today in Arizona central reporter who volunteered to help the audit to gain access tweeted, quote, I noticed the counters had blue pens supposed to only have red when you're around ballots, since ballots can read black and blue ink. Those blue pens the counter have could potentially be used to mark the ballots. I pointed this out to Doug Logan with cyber ninjas. That's his firm. Apparently Doug is running this audit. He told me his understanding of blue ink was fine. The ballots only read black ink. And then he came back and said, actually, it seems I am correct. But he still seemed unsure. He said that they would work on this. That's what's going on in Arizona right now with the actual ballots. Okay. That's the same guy, the one she's talking to with people going around with blue pens on the physical ballots. That's the same guy who tweeted stop the steal and his audit counters are using pens that could potentially be used to change ballots. What on earth? I mean, there are already legitimate questions about the security around those ballots and this whole audit, a local news team in Phoenix reported that for four days, they quote gained access to the Coliseum, its hallway, staircases, the main floor, or the computer equipment we use by the auditors. The team was able to get close to the actual ballots and county computer equipment. At no time did anyone at the site ask the team to leave. At no time did the team enter through any doorway or entry that contained a no trespassing or restricted access sign for four entire days. Nobody was guarding the ballots or election computers these people have gotten their hands on to run their audit unless you think the Trump supporter running the operation is some kind of an anomaly. An ex Arizona lawmaker who was allegedly photographed on the steps of the US Capitol during the January 6th riots as he and his wife are now involved in Arizona's audit of the 2020 election. Here's a picture of the guy shared by the Arizona House Democrats. He says he is helping with the audit. There he is apparently on the steps. Now Democrats are not surprisingly pushing back on this ludicrous undertaking, suing to stop it. A judge did actually temporarily halt the count this afternoon before allowing it to continue after Democrats declined to post a $1 million bond demanded by the judge. And so right now the audit of the 2020 presidential election results in Arizona is somehow ongoing. Loy Roberts is a columnist the Arizona Republic and azcentral.com and she joins me now. I have to say I've covered a lot of elections. I've covered recounts. I've covered very tightly contest elections. I've never seen anything like this in my life. Like I actually don't even understand how this came to be. How did this come to be? It's Arizona. What can I say? You can't spell Arizona Arizona without AZ. From the night of the election, the stop the steel chant began. And in our state, even though there has been no evidence of any wrongdoing, all of the audits done, all of the sample hand counts done, all of the lawsuits done have turned up absolutely no evidence of a problem. But we have a Republican party here that is in the grips of the far right wing. These are people that are deeply into Donald Trump's pocket. And we have Republican elected officials who simply put are not willing to speak truth to their own constituents. They're scared to death of them. And so here we are with what I call them the Trump ninjas because the company is cyber ninjas and Doug Logan is their CEO. So I call them the Trump ninjas. Here they are with our ballots. There are no city officials around. There are no state officials around. There are no county officials around. There is just Doug Logan and whoever his people are with our ballots. He can't tell us who's counting the ballots. He can't reassure us that the people counting the ballots are a mix of Republicans and Democrats and independents, since we're a state with a third, a third and a third. He can't tell us who's going to be doing the signature certification on the ballots if they have any training and knowing how to compare signatures. He won't tell us who's going out to knock on doors to ask people, hey, did you really vote on whether they've been vetted, who's going to be asked what they're going to be asked. We know nothing because in fact, reporters aren't allowed to come on to the floor of the Coliseum there that you're showing and report on what's going on. When asked about why the reporters were told, well, there's not enough space for them. This is an arena with 15,000 seats and there's not enough space to allow reporters inside with notebooks and cameras and all the things that they need to do their job. We saw the result of that today when our reporter, Jen Fifield, was able to go in. The only way reporters can go in is if they have an official, if they agree to be official observers, which is of course ridiculous, reporters shouldn't be officially observing anything. They're there as members of the public. She was allowed in as an official observer and noticed these pens, which everybody knows you can't take a blue pen or a black pen anywhere near ballots because the machinery will pick up whatever markings you may make on it and invalidate the ballot. The fact that Doug Logan didn't know that shows you just how ill-prepared they are to do this audit. I'm almost at a loss for words here, but how does anyone take custody of them? Do they sue or were they, it was unclear to me, do they sue for this or do the Arizona Republicans in the state Senate grant them this access? The Senate Republicans who control the Senate, it's a 30 person Senate and 16 of them are Republicans, subpoenaed these ballots for the first time in, I think late November or early December. The county said, we can't hand them over to you because Kelly Ward, who is the state Republican party chairwoman is still suing us and we're not going to turn over our voting machines and our ballots to you that are a potential evidence while we're being sued. Once the lawsuits were mostly taken care of, Senate President Karen Fann put out another subpoena for these ballots and for the machinery and for everything else and for voter records. A judge ultimately ordered that the subpoenas are valid. So the county had to turn over this material. Now the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors is a five member board run by Republicans who point out that there had been no evidence of a problem. They even went the extra mile and hired experts, real actual experts, to check out the machinery, which is the Dominion voting systems machinery to see if there was any problem with the machinery. They came up with nothing. So when the time came for them to be part of this audit and when they found out who was involved with the audit, they're like, we want nothing to do with this. We'll give you the ballots. You take them wherever you want them to be. And so that's where they are. They've been taken out of the vault where they were under clear security and now they've been trucked over along with all these machines to Veterans Memorial Coliseum where we don't know what kind of security there are. Reporters were wandering around there last night. They're supposed to be, I mean, who knows? If you can look in the picture there, you'll see a little fence on the side, I think to the left and the ballots are behind there. There's I think 50 or 60 pallets of them. It's 2.1 million ballots. They also will have access to the envelopes that you have to sign should they want those. They get everything. And here's the scary part. It's not the Senate doing this audit. They have outsourced the whole thing to these private contractors who have our records, who have our ballots. We don't know what they're doing with it. And they clearly have no idea what they're doing themselves with it because they don't even know that you can't use a red pen or blue pen. So who knows what they're going to do. We'll see news app today.