 Obviously, the big issue today is the fact that the vice president will be here with her running mate for the first time, Governor Tim Walz. They will both be in Glendale out at Desert Diamond Arena. Apparently, it is a sold out show. No, I don't think tickets cost anything, but you had to get tickets in advance. This is going to be a very well attended, seriously watched event here in Arizona. So here's a little bit, man on the street interview, people in Glendale. What are the big issues in Arizona? I've heard a lot of people complain about like the rent prices. I'm trying to get a house and it's not affordable. The border is another one that people bring up a lot. Here's the, and again, I don't want to go just, it shouldn't be just what I think, but this issue, affordable housing, this is something that should be addressed by both campaigns. And they're going to have absolutely different approaches, which is in the end what the American people should be deciding on. Honestly, I want you to think about it. If you have, when politics don't play a role in things, if you have, if you've been diagnosed with something, God forbid, or you have a sick child and you go to a doctor and a doctor says, well, your doctor says, this is what I think we need to do. And so you go and get a second opinion. And another doctor says, listen, here's the approach. I've talked about my doctor often, I've been very blessed. My doctor has been my doctor for almost 30 years. He's literally watched me grow old and gotten me here, fixing injuries and things that I had in my younger days and has helped me now with blood pressure and blood work. And I think the world of him, his name is Joel Sellers. He is a phenomenal doctor. He's been my doctor so long, his son is now in the practice with him. And so that's what makes me really feel old. But when I talk with him, I chose him because of his approach. I like the approach. He is an osteopath. He's not invasive. He's not huge on just over medicating and masking things with medication. I just always have trusted his advice. And it's because of his approach. Does that make sense that I like him? When it comes to the economy, that was a great comment about affordable housing. So the idea that the vice president is going to say we're going to bring down prices and we're going to lower the cost of living. I think it's a great goal. I don't care which party you're in. That's a great goal to tell Americans right now. It's what they're concerned about. But now we need to hear how. How are you going to do it? This is where Americans and independents definitely will, but Americans should make their decisions. The Democrats are voting for the Democrats. The Republicans are voting for the Republicans. The good thing, and I'm not an independent. I'm not. If you're new to the show, I am not an independent. I am a Republican. But what I love about the independent voters, here's what they are going to force if they stand firm. They are going to want answers. Don't give me your bumper sticker, T-shirt slogans. I want details. Convince me. Okay, Vice President Harris, I love the idea of you lowering prices, and I love the idea of you reducing the cost of living. Tell me what you think is going to make that happen. President Trump, you tell me how you're going to make what you want to do happen. I like the idea of you saying that we shouldn't be forcing tip workers, which are usually on the lower end of the economic spectrum, that they shouldn't have to pay taxes on their tips. I like that. I like helping out the working class. How does it affect the rest of the economy? Tell me about Social Security. I agree with you. Older people on a fixed income shouldn't you pay into the system for all your entire life. Why are you now paying taxes on that money? You should have to pay taxes on your Social Security benefits. Talk to me more about that. The details are where you're going to win other people over. Slogans, punchlines, they work in a setting like today. It's going to be it would be very easy for the Vice President, and maybe she will, maybe she won't get caught in the trap of speaking to people. And you know what? She knows I'm not going to vote for her. I mean, she doesn't know me personally, but she knows she's not getting my vote. So she's got no reason to speak to me. But is she going to only speak to the people in that room that are hanging on every word that would cheer if she read the phone book? If you get caught in that trap, and if you listen, and again, being very honest about the speeches. When I was in Milwaukee, the first 12 to 15 minutes of the Trump speech was amazing. Best speech he'd ever given, and had every American saying, wow, that that attempted assassination attempt may have really changed him. This is what we want to hear. And then he began to speak to the people only to the people in that room. They would have cheered if he had just stood there and read the phone book. You speak to the room, but at some point, you've got to look into the cameras and realize the world is watching. The world is watching. So the how of these things are going to matter. Poll numbers are very tight. This race is going to come down to they always they always say in a in a big game, you know, an NFL game, especially, but in a big game, because it's not a playoff system where you get a five game or a seven game series from teams like you do in basketball and in hockey and in baseball. When it comes down to one game, when you're in the playoffs, it's the big mistake, isn't it? It's the interception. It's the fumble. It's the penalty on third and 10. There is a game changing moment. And a lot of times it isn't a big play from a star player. It's a mistake that's made. And it always happens. And so is that what's going to happen here? Is it going to be the campaign that makes the least amount of mistakes? Are you looking at the opposition research that is telling you, this is where you're strong, this is where you have no shot. And here's the area where you can make an impact. And if you look at that and say, okay, I have to go talk to those people, then do it. Stick to the script, talk to those people. In the end, it is about winning. That's it. It's about winning. You have people that have dedicated their lives in this time period to volunteer for you. You have people that have dedicated their their their income, that huge amounts of money from rich donors. But both campaigns are getting grassroots support. The number of people that are supporting President Trump that are on fixed incomes and donating 25 and 30 dollars shows that there are people out there that believe in him so much, even when they don't have a lot of money, they're willing to give it. You have a responsibility as a candidate to do your best for those people. It can't just be about you personally. So the platitudes have to end at some point. The vice president today can do a go a go a great distance if she goes and she talks about the border in a real way. I'm not talking about a big focus on it, but at least address the issue in Arizona. If she does that in some kind of a pragmatic way, she can get some inroads with independence. If she ignores it or it's some kind of a punch line, I don't think she's going to do that well. See what Tim Walz brings to the table. You know, it's it's all a question. And I think it's a very good question. Thanks for watching the Mike Broomhead show. Catch up on Amazing Arizonans, a KTR news podcast and click the button in the middle to subscribe.