 Kamala Harris is set to make her first border visit of her presidential run. Vice President Kamala Harris is planning to visit the U.S.-Mexico border on Friday in Arizona according to two people briefed on the preparations as she seeks to counter former President Donald J. Trump's advantage with voters on the issue of immigration. In today's video we're going to take a look at Kamala Harris' visit down to the Arizona border to see if that will have an impact on the overall presidential outcome. We're going to take a look at the electoral college map here and see if that's going to change things for the Republicans or the Democrats as well as some recent polling numbers. So first off we need to take a look at this poll from the New York Times. The New York Times says despite what appears to be a slight Harris lead, Trump is leading in three Sunbelt states according to fresh polls. Trump has a five point lead over Harris in Arizona and a four point lead in Georgia with a modest two point lead in North Carolina. One thing to keep in mind is these polls continually underestimate Trump. They typically survey mostly Democrats and a very small portion of Republicans and independents. So these polling numbers here with just a five point lead in Arizona, four point lead in Georgia and two point lead in North Carolina are probably more along the lines of a 15 point lead in Arizona, 12 point lead in Georgia and eight point lead in North Carolina. One thing to note, this is a stark change from the same poll in August when Harris led in both Arizona and North Carolina within the margin of error. As you can see from this, Donald Trump is doing very well in the swing states, the key states that he needs to win in order to win the election. He continues to rise in the polls and Kamala Harris continues to go down. One other key thing to note in this article is that even though Kamala Harris is just two points behind Donald Trump in North Carolina, Trump has won this state in both previous elections. Now, one other poll we need to look at before we dive into the electoral college map is this one from the New York Times. Keep in mind, the New York Times, the left leaning media source. So the New York Times asked people if they thought the United States is on the right track or is it headed in the wrong direction when they did this poll September 3rd through the 6th. Again, this is a fairly recent poll. Twenty eight percent of participants said that the United States was moving in the right direction. Sixty percent of participants said that the country was moving in the wrong direction and only 12 percent refused to answer. This is an overwhelming majority that thinks the current party is moving the country in the wrong direction. Now with these polls taken into consideration Harris going down to visit Arizona. Let's take a look at the electoral college map to see if this has any impact on the presidential race and the current predictions. I've already filled out the states that are likely to vote for Kamala Harris. Those states are Washington, Oregon, California, Colorado, New Mexico, Second District in Nebraska, Hawaii, Minnesota, Illinois, Virginia, New York, Vermont, New Hampshire and two districts in Maine. Now for the Republicans that are likely to go to Donald Trump. We have Alaska, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, Utah, Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, most of Nebraska, South Dakota, North Dakota, Iowa, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, South Carolina, Tennessee, Kentucky, Indiana, Ohio and West Virginia. This leaves us with seven key swing states up for debate. The first day we need to talk about is Nevada. Donald Trump is crushing Kamala Harris in the polls in Nevada. This really isn't going to be that close of a race in Nevada. It's definitely going to go to Donald Trump. Up next we have Arizona. If we take a look back over at this poll here, Trump has a five point lead over Harris in Arizona. This is based on the New York Times. Again, a left leaning media source and they still have Trump ahead in Arizona by five points. Therefore, Arizona is likely to go to Donald Trump. Even though Kamala Harris is set to visit the border this Friday, I don't think it's going to have a huge impact on the state of Arizona. Up next we have Georgia. Georgia is a state that Donald Trump is polling significantly better than he did against Joe Biden in 2020. And Donald Trump lost Georgia in 2020 by just a point two percent margin. Therefore Georgia is likely to go to Donald Trump as well. Now with just four key states left to go, we got to stop and take a look at the Electoral College votes so far. The Democrats have 226 Electoral College votes while the Republicans have 252. That means the Republicans need just 18 more Electoral College votes to win the race. As we previously mentioned in this poll, Donald Trump, he has won North Carolina in the previous two elections and he is pulling significantly ahead of Kamala Harris currently. Therefore North Carolina is likely to go to Donald Trump as well in 2024, giving him a win in North Carolina over the past three elections. This would give the Republicans 268 Electoral College votes, meaning they would just need to win either Pennsylvania, Michigan or Wisconsin to secure a win in the 2024 presidential race. Now I'm going to say Pennsylvania for last, so let's talk about Wisconsin. Wisconsin is a state that Kamala Harris has been leading in. However, Donald Trump is soaring in the polls now. I think Kamala Harris' recent botched interview with Oprah really has her struggling to make any headway, so I think Wisconsin is ultimately going to go to the Republicans and it will give the Republicans a win in the 2024 presidential race, giving them 278 Electoral College votes. So Donald Trump wouldn't necessarily need to win Pennsylvania or Michigan. However, we still need to talk about them because they are key states that Donald Trump could win. Up next we have Michigan. Michigan is a state that's always been neck and neck and intends to vote with Wisconsin and Pennsylvania. If you look back at historical election results, Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania tend to be in lockstep when it comes to their vote. Therefore, Michigan is likely to be read as well. This would give the Republicans 293 Electoral College votes to the Democrats just 226. Finally, with Pennsylvania, the last state that we're going to talk about, Pennsylvania is a state that is currently neck and neck. Kamala Harris seems to be pulling slightly ahead according to some polls. However, these polls are extremely left leaning. Again, they're surveying mostly Democrats and very few Republicans. And Donald Trump has a strong stance being pro-fracking. And Kamala Harris is anti-fracking, even though recently she's come out and said that she isn't. I think the voters are seeing through that. They're seeing that she's flip-flopped on a lot of her ideas and that she's just being fake in order to get some votes in Pennsylvania. Therefore, Pennsylvania is also likely to go to Donald Trump. With every state in, we now have 312 votes for the Republicans and just 227 Electoral College votes for the Democrats. Donald Trump won most of the key swing states. And if you look at current polling numbers in the trends of these polling numbers, you can see that Donald Trump is soaring in all of these Sunbelt states and he's winning in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania as well. Even with Kamala Harris going to visit the border on Friday in Arizona, I think it's likely that voters are still going to vote for Donald Trump. Now, they've seen the migrant issue in the United States and how many people have illegally crossed the border, even though Kamala Harris was said, borders are. So the current prediction for the 2024 presidential race have Donald Trump ahead 312 electoral votes to Kamala Harris with just 226. What do you think about these predictions? Are they correct? Are they accurate? Do you think Kamala Harris is going to get crushed by Donald Trump and he will win in a landslide? Let me know down in the comments below. If you enjoyed this video, be sure to give it a like, hit that subscribe button and until the next one, y'all take care.