 With Vice President Harris visiting Douglas, people near the border are hoping to shine the spotlight on the most pressing needs for their communities. ABC 15's Jane Caffrey has been talking with local leaders, and Jane, what do they consider most crucial in her visit? We'll have your Arts Immigration Policy, and that's something that VP Harris is expected to talk about at any minute now at a rally happening in Douglas. Now, let's take a live look. She's expected to come out. We saw Senator Mark Kelly addressing the crowd just a few minutes ago, and we are expecting to hear from the Vice President at any moment. Now, in talking to some local leaders about their priorities, Cochise County Sheriff Mark Daniels tells me Arizona sheriffs have been trying to work with the White House on immigration issues for the past four years. He says most importantly, they need support from the federal government. I know she's got some tough positions and policies she's coming out with. I saw some of that earlier. I applaud her if she does it. She's still the Vice President. Let's do it now. Let's not wait. Douglas Mayor Donald Hewish also tells me current policies are putting a burden on border communities. He wants a new plan that puts less stress on local resources. Process those that have legitimate claims for asylum. So I would love to see more administrative law judges on the border. Mayor Hewish described Douglas as a safe city and one he expects will grow tremendously in a few years when a new commercial port of entry is built on project the Biden administration signed off on. And one concern we're hearing from people is that this is Harris's first visit to the border in three years and Javier, I know you recently spoke to people in Douglas for our 48 hours on the border project. And you learned that they're inviting candidates to spend more time in border communities to really understand their issues. Absolutely. They were asking people to spend days, not only a photo op, go there, take some pictures. They said, come here, understand what we go through and then help us with our needs. And as you spoke with the mayor there, Douglas is not in a financial situation to take in immigrants. So hearing directly from the people there. All right. Thank you very much.