 How do you think moving forward, Vice President Kamala Harris has visited Arizona many times in the last year, I believe it's five times that she's been here. The last two times, I believe she was here last month of the month before in Tucson. Before then in Phoenix, she had a message for the Biden campaign talking about freedoms, specifically reproductive freedoms. She's also been in Flagstaff at NAU talking about education that the Biden administration has done as well. So clearly she has made Arizona a pivotal place to be. Now with her at the top of what could be the Democratic ticket, how does that play into the election here for Democrats in November? Well, you noted Kamala Harris has made several visits here. This is a state where abortion is on the ballot. There will likely be an abortion rights initiative on the ballot in the fall. She has come here to focus largely on abortion. I will say I've seen her for those five times. She is a very, very effective speaker. She has a way of connecting with audiences that is rare for a politician. I'll also point out her husband, Douglas Emhoff, the second gentleman was just here on Friday. He made four stops in the valley and was at the WNBA All-Star game later that night down at the footprint center. So this is like a second home to the to the Harris Emhoff family. She's been very effective here. And if you've been keeping track of these things, you know that our Senator Mark Kelly has been mentioned over the last several days as maybe not even not just a vice presidential contender, but a possible presidential contender today. He threw his support to Kamala Harris. However, you have to believe he's being vetted as a potential vice presidential nominee on the ticket. There are several other contenders. Arizona, I have to say, has slipped from the ranks of the the true battleground must win states based on the polling. It appears that the Democratic nominee, if it's Kamala Harris or someone else, will have to win three states in the Midwest Northeast, the so-called Blue Wall, Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin. Those are the states where the Democratic nominee appears to have the best chance of keeping them in the Democratic column and getting the electoral votes to get to 270. Arizona right now has slipped into the second tier. You know, we don't know whether Mark Kelly is interested in being a vice presidential nominee, although that's a hard thing to say no to if you are asked. However, it's unclear whether how much heft Arizona and where we stand right now will have in that decision.