 Well, we're just 26 days away from the election and the road to the White House is once again running right through Arizona. And that's no secret to the candidates who have each campaigned here over the past month. Tonight, Vice President Kamala Harris made her pitch to voters in the Southeast Valley. 12 News journalist Bianca Bono was at that rally and is reporting from the Gila River Indian community. Vice President Kamala Harris held her rally here at the Rawhide Event Center the day after early voting began here in Arizona. A push for voters to cast their votes early in a battleground state that will be critical for the candidate. Vice President Kamala Harris rallying a room full of around 7,000 supporters. We need a president who works for all the American people. This marking the third time the Democrat candidate for president has visited Battleground, Arizona since she moved to the top of the ticket. We are nearing the home stretch and this will be a very tight race until the very end. And in order to win that tight race, Harris is trying to appeal to voters like Wanda Stein's from Surprise. I'm a Republican and I'm here to support Obama. A Republican who's only voted for a Democrat once, President Obama. It's not so much that we agree with her, but we simply cannot deal with a minimum of four more years of that. In her half hour long address, Harris hammered home her plan to protect women's reproductive rights and encouraged voters to support Arizona's abortion ballot initiative. We are witnessing a full on attack on hard won, hard fought freedoms and rights. Harris not devoting time in her speech to the border. On the economy, she said her plan involves $25,000 toward down payments for first time home buyers and a $6,000 tax credit to parents of newborns. We will lower the cost on everything from health care to groceries, taking on, for example, the issue of corporate price gouging. I've done it before and I'm going to do it again. Thursday night's rally happening inside the Rawhide Event Center on the Gila River Indian Community, a community she also appealed to in her speech. We must honor tribal sovereignty, embrace our trust and treaty obligations. With early voting already underway in Arizona and with polls showing former President Donald Trump with a narrow lead in the Grand Canyon State, Harris is hoping she can follow in her former running mate's footsteps, asking her supporters to vote early. With your help in 26 days, we will win. And Harris' trip to Arizona continues on Friday, where she's expected to meet with 100 or 150 people from the group Arizona Republicans for Harris. We're at the Rawhide Event Center, Bianca Bono, 12 News. Bianca, thanks.