 Good morning, this is Dennis Watson, my stage name and come at you from the studio. It is Tuesday sometime in September, let's say after week three in the NFL. Today, we're going to be talking about our special guest star in the first one of Kamala Harris. Can't wait that she's going to come down and visit us and campaign a little bit and I hope she comes and checks out the border. Border borders are oh, let's hope that she gets some votes over her job she did as a borders are. Now, I'll cover a fact. I did a little bit of research a short time ago and so we have this is very very personal right. I have a family member commit a suicide um it would be terrible now in 2022 in the border patrol that they had 14 employees commit suicide that's 14 too many that's out of 25,000 agents. It's 25,000 agents working on a lot of border. I know that that um at 400 miles of border wall that Trump put up that there were uh exactly uh 400 uh I believe miles of border wall that was removed by uh the Bidenomics uh administration. Okay, that is three times as many suicides in the border patrol that then what they had in 2014. Once again that's three times too many and just want to compare this that the border patrol has asked for more agents and then we know how many more entries we've had in that that time and the stress and that those agents are going through and that they have to watch and we we get to see how many more IRS agents are being hired in Biden's projection that he's asking for 87,000 more armed agents to join the force with them that is absolutely ridiculous. Now, I want I want you to watch where uh uh Harris she comes in I believe it's Phoenix she's going to come into probably Glendale she's going to talk in the Cardinals, the stadium whatever corporation owns that this week and she's going to talk there now watch she's going to do a hit and run she's not going to go anywhere close to the border and see what I invite you to go to Douglas or no Gallus see what's going on there in the surrounding area just like when you were supposed to go to El Paso you made sure if there's a good part of that town that you were on it you didn't go to the other side that was whitewashed or the dog and pony show was so I hope people remember that of you orders are now I want to mention this on a been a positive note that uh after Bidenomics had uh screwed all the families now remember that uh the the cost if you wanted to keep the same style of living that the average middle class family had to spend eleven thousand dollars more that year okay now there was a family in Pennsylvania that it was reported on Fox News last night that didn't have money for their groceries well guess who picked up the tab that's right president Trump okay let's uh keep it short there we go just over four minutes hope to see you tomorrow and everybody have a good day god bless you and remember Jesus loves you bye