 News, views, voices of the global Indian community. India Abroad. That's why we're here. We're given them permission. They're still talking. We have room for everyone. Plus, it's me. I'm going to have to go back to the airport. I'm going to have to go back to the airport. I'm going to have to go back to the airport. I'm going to have to go back to the airport. I'm going to have to go back to the airport. I'm going to have to go back to the airport. I'm going to have to go back to the airport. I'm going to have to go back to the airport. I'm going to have to go back to the airport. I'm going to have to go back to the airport. I'm going to have to go back to the airport. I'm going to have to go back to the airport. I'm going to have to go back to the airport. I'm going to have to go back to the airport. I'm going to have to go back to the airport. I'm going to have to go back to the airport. That Republicans are saying that that is not our party. That Donald Trump does not represent us. That we have to find a leader that we are proud to vote for to become the President of the hometown of the United States. So January 6th makes Donald Trump absolutely unfit for office. I never imagined in a million years that something like that could happen. They keep democracy here, especially after January 6th at their insurrection. So we want the Republican Party to go back to having normal candidates that respect the rule of law. And we're trying to push for Harris, who we believe will uphold law and order and protect our elections. And we think she'll be a great president. As a former teacher of 11 years and a mother of six children, I strongly believe in having a leader here in the United States that is a leader of civility and respects the rule of law and is not just a leader that I am proud for my own children, for our community, but also for the global world as well. Single-handedly, Donald Trump single-handedly changed the Republican Party from what it was. And to be honest, I don't know if I can ever go back. At this point, it seems like the divide is too big. I would say that who Donald Trump character is does not align with the type of person that I want to be as a disciple of Jesus Christ. I want to be someone who treats people with respect. Mr. Trump lives in a world of chaos, of political and partisan fighting. And so we need to figure out how to lower the temperature in our country and to work on the issues in the middle of the political spectrum. And that's just simply not going to happen under a Trump presidency. But the Latter-day Saint Church has always been fairly conservative on issues like abortion and character. And so when I was raised in the church, we were literally taught to scrutinize the character of candidates and devote for people of high integrity. And so that's why people like me are bothered when we see Donald Trump's unapologetic character flaws.