 Now to decision 2024 tonight, President former President Barack Obama held a get out the vote rally for Democrats in Tucson. It was so busy that fire Marshals had to turn people away. 12 news journalist Chase go lightly was there to hear Obama and other Democrats speak about the upcoming election. It looked completely different than it does right now. Close to 7000 people packed into this venue here at U of A all to see the former president speak. In his first visit back to Arizona since the 2022 election, former President Barack Obama rallied voters for Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris. She'll go after corporations that are jacking up prices, just like she went after big banks and for profit colleges when she was attorney general in California. All topics people wanted to hear inflation is definitely something big for me. He addressed that every woman has the right to decide on if she wants abortion and I have abortions. We need somebody who is going to bring the country together. Obama focused a lot of his speech on how politics now has really divided the country compared to when he ran for president in 2008, bringing up his opponent at that time. US Senator John McCain. Transcend party. He believed in honest argument. And hearing the views of other people. He didn't demonize. His political opponents. He also brought up two others well known to the area people like Gabby Giffords and Mark Kelly have character both spoke during the rally. While the crowd roared for the former president, they rallied just as loud for them. Senator Kelly mentioned it had been 13 years since Obama had been to Tucson. The last time was just a few days after Giffords was shot along with 18 others with six of them losing their lives. Thanks to the support of this community. And Gabby's determination. We have come a long way since then. Arizona Governor Katie Hobbs and Democratic US candidate Ruben Gallego also addressed the thousands of people attending all talking about their current political rivals, which, as you can imagine, got a reaction each time from the crowd, but would respond the same every time. Now on the same day former President Obama held his rally here in Tucson, it was announced that Republican vice presidential nominee JD Vance will also hold a rally here in Tucson next week at the Pima County Fairgrounds were in Tucson tonight. Chase go lightly 12 news.