 Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris and a running mate Minnesota governor Tim Walz are in Phoenix tonight. As the two hold a rally in seven battleground states across the country after touching down at Sky Harbor tonight the vice president's motorcade they headed over to the Sheraton in downtown Phoenix the pair are preparing for a big event event tomorrow in Glendale and Fox 10's Nicole Christine was on the tarmac tonight when they arrived she spoke with several Arizona leaders about Harris's visit to Arizona Nicole. Yeah good evening John and Christina the vice president landed around 6 30 this evening she was met with this monsoon weather that we were just talking about earlier in the show and then governor Walz arrived around 45 minutes later in a separate charter flight now this is Harris's second visit to the valley this summer she came in June on the anniversary of the overturning of Roe v. Wade to talk about reproductive rights but at tomorrow's rally there will be a slew of topics discussed as we now sit less than 90 days away from election day. I think that Kamala Harris matches Arizona perfectly. Thursday night a small group of big political players in the Grand Canyon state greeted vice president and Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris at Sky Harbor International Airport she didn't address reporters but her supporters said they wouldn't miss the chance to welcome her to Arizona. I've known the vice president for over 20 years we were in a leadership development program together I really respect her so why wouldn't I be here of course. She's a very inspirational person I've got a wonderful background story and very impressive I was today very impressed just by how personable she was how charming she was. Attorney General Chris Mays brought her daughter Hattie to witness Harris's arrival. My daughter doesn't like to go to very many political events but she wanted to come to this one because it's we just witnessed the first female president of the United States that's what I think we have in Kamala Harris and I also think this is it's a role model for all girls and women in this country. As for Friday's rally Democrats say the contrast between former president Donald Trump and Harris will be made clear for Arizona voters. You see a very very different style very different priorities for the vice president I think the American people are going to realize that this vice president is a strong candidate for president of the United States. The difference between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris is the difference between chaos and sanity and incredible competency as well. Now here's the rundown for tomorrow's rally it's set to begin doors will open rather at 1.30 at Desert Diamond Arena in Glendale now you're asked if you're going to attend to be there no later than 3.30 p.m. and it's important to note that anyone who is RSVP'd already might be in let invited in but if you have an RSVP'd already they are confirming that at the door. We will be there covering the rally tomorrow but for now reporting from Sky Harbor International Airport Nicole Christine Fox 10 News.