 Unless you think you can blame your way to kingdom come. So that's why I think she's a clear choice. And I could go through everything else. You look at the health care laws. That's already been discussed by the people who, by both Susan and Tony. But they're coming after the Affordable Care Act. And remember, they tried to do this before. And who stopped them? John McCain, the only person who would stop them. John McCain stopped them. They were going to do this before. Because the big insurance companies didn't like that protection for people with pre-existing conditions. So how many people are there in Arizona alone who couldn't afford health insurance if we didn't have some limit on what people could be penalized for with pre-existing conditions? So if you care about that, you need to tell your neighbors this, they better vote for Kamala Harris. She wants to protect the $35 a week limit on insulin. She wants to protect the $2,000 a year limit on out-of-pocket medical costs. And she wants to extend it to people who aren't old enough to be on Medicare but have limited means and need that help. And look, every other big country in the world does this. We're the only ones that say, no, the drug companies are more important than the people. Clear choice, a choice that will affect your life. But instead of thinking about who to blame, you've got to think about who's going to take responsibility and do something about it. And remember, they tried to do this before, and the American people beat them in the congressional races in 2018, and they think you have all forgotten about it, and they can run this scam one more time. So look, this applies to every other major issue. But if you don't remember anything else, just remember, if you can get every person you know who hasn't voted, who's trying to make up their mind to know the difference in her position and Trump's position on these cost of living issues, these health care issues, it may make all the difference in the world. Look, I'm really worried about our democracy. But right now, people are so preoccupied with their own difficulties, and they think, oh, I saw Trump before, and yeah, he tried to do all these bad things, but he didn't do it, so he couldn't do it next time. Just remember, he had a great little talk with a very far-right religious group, and the conversation got out, and here's what he said. He said, oh, I need you so much. We can make America great again if you just vote one more time. But if you vote one more time this time, by the time the next election rolls around, I'll have it rigged, and you will never have to vote again. This crowd ought to know that he's dead serious. So we got this close race, and over here is Kamala Harris with what she calls a new way forward, practical solutions to the cost of living problems, practical solutions to energy and health care problems, a clear, proven way of dealing with a lot of our foreign policy crises. And over here is Mr. Brandon Blaine. Right? Somebody asked me what this was about, and I said, well, think about it this way. We've got very interesting football seasons going on in the World Series, and why do we love all this? Because we like to be with our tribe. But the games only work because we all live under the same set of rules. You know, we're not perfect every now and then. Referee's will miss the call, but nobody's doing it on purpose. And their idea of a good game is one where they set the rules, and they always win. It's anti-democratic, and also leaves the dumb decisions. Diverse groups make better decisions than homogenous ones and lone geniuses. Kamala Harris is someone I know. Hillary's known her for 30 years, and we both think there is a great possibility that she'll be a terrific president. And I think I'm one of the few people who believes he knows both candidates well. And for years, I had a very good relationship with President Trump. He's really good at some things. He was a very good golfer when we played golf together. Generally good. And he had a great eye for golf-core properties. None of those properties ever went bankrupt, as far as I know, unlike a lot of others. But he's – but when it comes to politics, he believes good politics is total domination. That's what he thinks is good. When he got to be president last time, he thought he was supposed to just tell people what to do, and they'd say yes, whatever it was. And now he thinks he's found a way to do it. Poor old J.D. Vance – I saw him the other day. I felt so bad for him. He had managed to keep enough dignity to get all the way through the convention and through the campaign without having to say outright that he thought Trump won the election in 2020. He knew he didn't. But they made him say it last week. So after all this dodging and weaving, he finally had to bend the knee. And Trump really gets off on that, but it's not a good idea. I asked people who worked for me to tell me what I did not want to hear if I needed to hear it. Because nobody's right all the time. A broken clock's right twice a day. And we all spend our fleeting lives trying to get as far away from the broken clock score and as near perfect as we can. And we're never going to get there. We know that. Folks, this country is so good. And our assets are so many. And our people can do anything. But they need to be free, not put in chains. So I'm pleading with you, every one of you. You know this race is tight as a tick. You know you can win. You know you can win. It depends on how bad you want it. And I'm telling you, she's worth the effort. And you'll be proud of this for the rest of your life if you do it. God bless you.