 Hi everybody, I'm Brittany Lewis, a breaking news reporter here at Forbes. Joining me now is Bob Ward, pollster and partner at Fabrizio Ward. Bob, thanks so much for coming on. Thank you for having me. I feel like our conversations now as we get closer and closer to the election are almost like Groundhog Day. You can take out any battleground state, sub it back in, and guess what? It's a toss up. When today's no different, we're talking about Arizona and the AARP found that it is a toss up. Donald Trump is slightly ahead of Kamala Harris. What can you tell us? It's a very close race in Arizona for sure. This is the second poll we've done in Arizona. The first was back in June when Biden was atop the Democratic ticket. Obviously, things have really changed and not changed. So both polls, we had Trump ahead. But back in June, Trump had a much more commanding lead over Biden by eight points. Right now, we really consider this to be a toss up. He's got a two point lead over Kamala Harris, leading 49 to 47. So what's changed since June? A couple things have reshuffled what's going on politically. Back in June, we had 14% of the vote going to a third party candidate. That's now down to 2%. By a better than two to one margin, those third party candidates who are now with one of the other two candidates broke for Harris. So that really tightened the lead. The other thing that happened is Democrats came home and that was part of the evaporation of the third party vote. So right now, 92% of the vote is going, of Trump's vote is among Republicans. And Harris is getting 92% of Democratic votes. So it's sort of dead even and independents are a toss up. So it's a very competitive race. Things have, I think, aligned to where perhaps you would have expected it to have been with, you know, Republicans, Democrats lined up behind their people. There are other things that are happening here. There's a big gender gap. Older women, for example, are a toss up. Seniors are a toss up. And so there are sort of areas of competition that you can see where the candidates are zeroing in on. Talk about that a little more for us. When you break down this data by demo, what specifically are you seeing? Who's more likely to vote for Trump and who's more likely to cast their vote for Harris? Yeah. So definitely we're seeing Harris have an advantage among women. There's a net 17 point gender gap. So Harris is getting the women vote by six points. Trump's getting the men vote by 11 points. There's an enormous education gap, which is something we also see in a lot of these battleground states. So Trump is winning the much larger voters who don't have a college degree. He's winning them by 16 points. And that's, you know, about two thirds of the electorate in Arizona. If you have a college degree or more, Harris is winning them by 19 points. And so it really does define our politics today, people's education level. Another group that is going to define this election, according to the AARP, is that over 50 voting bloc. And you and I have talked now for months about just how crucial this voting bloc is because they are extremely motivated. Are you seeing the same thing in Arizona? We are. You know, I think since June, all voters have become a little bit more motivated and that's expected as we get closer to the election. But there's still a significant gap between older voters and younger voters. So we ask on a 10, zero to 10 scale, how motivated are you to vote? And we look at those people who say 10 out of 10, extremely motivated. Those over 50, 92 percent of them say 10 out of 10, those younger than 50, only 75 percent of them say 10 out of 10. That's a 17 point gap between motivation. And so even as we look at these numbers and say, you know, the race is tight, people are going to vote, there is an opportunity for candidates to talk to the voters who are absolutely going to show up. And that's the older voters. They're currently breaking to Trump's favor more so than than younger voters are. And so for the Harris campaign, they really do need to zero in on older voters. And in this election, in this race, every vote matters, especially in these swing states. So what are those issues that really matter to this demographic that the Harris campaign can say, hey, we're a month out until Election Day, less than actually we should be caring about this issues more or showing our policies on these issues to attract those older voters. Yeah, in Arizona, the two big issue themes are immigration and the economy. Immigration is the single most important issue among Republicans and among independents. But when we look at other issues like inflation and jobs and Social Security, those sort of personal economic issues, when you roll those up, they are actually bigger than immigration in Arizona. They also have a Republican lean to them. So if you pick one of those three issues that I mentioned, inflation, jobs or Social Security, and you know, that's 57 percent of Arizona voters pick that as either their number one or number two issue. A 29 point lead among those voters. Harris isn't going to overcome that, but she needs to make a dent in it. Democratic voters are being motivated by abortion and reproductive rights, threats to democracy, a little less on economic issues, but they're certainly important to them as well. And so if I'm the Harris campaign, I need to make inroads into this economic issue. You know, whether it's on Social Security, whether it's on caregiving, I noticed she had a big, you know, proposal on caregiving, have Medicare cover in-home care. That's smart because when we look at Arizona voters, 25 percent of them are family caregivers and they are a very competitive group. They're voting for Trump by a few points and they're voting for Ruben Gallego, the Democrat in the Senate race by a few points. So they're sort of a swing group of voters. And so I think it's smart on the Harris's campaign's part to be leaning into this idea of how do we take care of our older parents. Let's talk about that Senate race a little bit, because as we know, Arizona is one of those famous purple states. Biden did win it in 2020. It's home to the maybe most modern famous maverick, John McCain. It's a toss up right now in the presidential race, but the Senate race, that's not the same. That's painting a very different picture between Representative Ruben Gallego and Kerry Lake. What can you tell us there? Yeah, Gallego has a pretty good lead outside the margin of error. He's leading by seven points. He's over 50 percent. He's got 51 percent of the vote in our poll. Kerry Lake is at 44 percent. And you know, both candidates, Gallego in particular is actually a little less known than Kerry Lake. But Kerry Lake has some significant negatives. 52 percent of Arizona voters view her unfavorably. Only 36 percent of Arizona voters view Gallego unfavorably. He's got a net favorable image of six points. Hers is underwater by 14 points. And so he's benefiting from running against a candidate who's not very well liked, hasn't consolidated her Republican base. He's consolidated his Democratic base. And so it's a less competitive race than the presidential. And so what that says is there's a lot of ticket splitting going on in Arizona. People voting for Trump, for example, and also voting for Gallego. Not many, but enough to swing a race. Does that surprise you because she has firmly aligned herself with Donald Trump in the past couple of years. She has been firm on election denialism. Trump's winning Arizona right now slightly. It's a toss up, but he's still winning and she's losing by almost double digits. So how do you explain that? Well, look, I mean, I can't go back to the one of the issues that are important to Arizona voters and how big the economy is. One of the things we ask in this survey, we ask how people like Donald Trump and Kamala Harris as well. And they're pretty evenly matched in that regard. Both have negative images of by four or five points. What's what differentiates them is Donald Trump has a 52 percent job approval from when people remember his presidency. Harris's approval as vice president is 44 percent. Biden's job approval currently is 42 percent. So how is it that Trump is ahead in this state? It's because, you know, I think voters in Arizona, at least in terms of how they remember things, they remember things being better under Trump. And the economy is a big issue. And that's that's a weight around, you know, the Biden Harris administration right now, for sure. When you and I have been talking over the past couple of months, when we talk about these battleground states, it paints a picture, obviously, of a very close race. But when you look at Arizona's numbers compared to the ones from perhaps the Blue Wall, other Midwest states, does anything stick out to you as differences? Well, I mean, I think we are seeing we had a Pennsylvania poll out last week and Harris had a two point lead here. She's she's behind by two points. So I do think that we're seeing, you know, states like Arizona, which are more Republican by a few points than a state like Pennsylvania, is playing out sort of in expected ways. Biden did win this state. And so Harris does have the opportunity to win this state. The environment is running against her, as I said, the two major issues in the state of immigration and the economy. Those are your issues. You're really voting for Trump by a wide margin. She needs to narrow that gap and Trump needs to keep her from doing that. So there are differences as you go state by state. You know, Harris had a much better image in Pennsylvania, for example. You have a Michigan poll coming out next week. And we'd be very interested to see where she is in that race. We had her, you know, earlier in August either tied or Trump with a two point lead in Michigan back then. So all of these states are all within the margin of error. You know, and a sample of that we did in Arizona, that's a plus or minus four percent. So it's going to be a very interesting not only election night, but probably the week or so after the election to see how these races shake out. And if I was working for either campaign and I'm looking at these numbers and we're sitting this close to Election Day, I'm certainly biting my nails. And if I was doing the math, I know that there's 11 electoral votes on the line when it comes to Arizona. So when you're thinking about the pathways to victory here for both Harris and Trump, who was Arizona more of a must win for? Well, I think it probably falls into. So if Harris can win Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania and the second congressional district of Nebraska, she wins. And those so those are all must win for her. And they all have more electoral votes. Arizona, Nevada, Georgia, North Carolina are parts of other pathways to win. And so if she's winning Arizona, just given how the polls have been in this state where it has favored Trump, even though Harris has narrowed the gap, if she's winning Arizona, she's probably won the presidency because all of the other states likely would have fallen in her favor. That's the way I read the polls and how I would predict this. So I think holding Arizona is if I were to pick one camp or the other, it's more must win for Trump because it means that he's doing a better job of blocking her not only in Arizona, but some of these other states. And it's all going to come down to, I think, honestly, probably a state like Pennsylvania. Well, we certainly have a lot to look out for again. I know I always say that. But between now and Election Day and Bob, I hope you come back on soon and break it down with me. Thanks so much for joining me. Yeah, thank you. Thanks for having me. Thank you.