 So friends, we just learned that the Arizona state grand jury that indicted Rudy Giuliani, Mark Meadows, and 16 others for being part of Donald Trump's scheme to try to overturn the 2020 election results in Arizona, that grand jury wanted to indict Donald Trump too, but the Arizona state prosecutors told the grand jury no? Let's talk about that because justice matters. Hey all, Glenn Kirschner here. So friends, we just learned about a pretty concerning new legal development. It turns out the state grand jury out in Arizona that was investigating the crimes of Trump and company, crimes designed to interfere with the election results in Arizona, that grand jury wanted to indict Donald Trump for his alleged election interference crimes, but the state prosecutors in Arizona told the grand jury to stand down, told them no, told them not to indict Donald Trump. Let's try to unravel what might have happened out there, but let's start with the new reporting. This from CNN. Headline, Arizona grand jurors wanted to indict Trump, prosecutors urged them not to. That article begins, members of the grand jury in Arizona that indicted 18 allies of Donald Trump earlier this year for their alleged roles in attempting to overturn the 2020 election had also expressed interest in charging the former president according to a new court filing. The interest was strong enough that it prompted the state's lead prosecutor to request that the grand jury not indict the former president and give a PowerPoint presentation to explain his reasoning. Ultimately the grand jury did not hand up an indictment against Trump who had already been charged at the federal level for his efforts to upend Joe Biden's legitimate 2020 election victory by special counsel Jack Smith and in Georgia by Fulton County District Attorney Fonny Willis. But the court documents provide new details about secret grand jury proceedings that led to the charges against 18 others including Trump's former attorney Rudy Giuliani and his former White House Chief of Staff Mark Meadows as well as insight into the decision to describe Trump in charging documents as unindicted co-conspirator one. Prosecutors cited two primary reasons for why the grand jury should not charge Trump. A lack of evidence and a US Justice Department policy they believe would hamper charges against a former president. The policy cited by prosecutors deals with DOJ guidelines limiting how the federal government can prosecute individuals already charged with similar crimes at the state level. The state, meaning the prosecutors, told grand jurors that indicting Trump would be a big deal and that they weren't sure if they had all the evidence to prosecute it at this moment noting such a feat could take a year or two the court filing shows. Okay friends let's put a pin in that last sentence where it says the prosecutors told the grand jurors that they weren't sure if at that moment they had enough evidence to charge to indict Donald Trump. We're gonna circle back to that in a few minutes but let's start with some of the basics about grand jury practice. So first of all a grand jury investigation is precisely that. It is the grand jury's investigation. Technically it's not the prosecutor's investigation so when I opened the grand jury investigation and I began issuing grand jury subpoenas I was exercising the power and the authority of the grand jury. It is their investigation not mine. Now obviously their investigation is guided by the evidence that the prosecutors present to them but the grand jury once it has received all of the evidence the prosecutors are going to present the grand jury can decide to indict or can decline to indict anyone. The prosecutors make recommendations but it really is in the hands of the grand jury and reportedly the Arizona grand jury wanted to indict Donald Trump based on the evidence that was presented to them by the prosecutors. So against that backdrop let's discuss three points. First of all how much evidence does a grand jury need to vote out an indictment against somebody? Well the standard the evidentiary burden is probable cause. That's a fairly low evidentiary standard. Compare that to beyond a reasonable doubt. That is the highest evidentiary burden or standard known to the criminal law. That is the standard to find somebody guilty at trial but to indict somebody you only need probable cause. Think of it as about 50% of the evidence even though frankly it's a little bit less than 50% of the evidence but the truth is there is a chasm between probable cause and proof beyond a reasonable doubt. So even if the grand jurors believe they have probable cause they have enough evidence to satisfy that burden the prosecutors may very well say yeah but we don't think we will ever be able to build enough evidence to satisfy our burden at trial beyond a reasonable doubt and for that reason the prosecutors might recommend that a grand jury not indict a certain person or a certain charge. So that is possibility number one. Number two and this is cited in the article that we just read this DOJ policy that says you know what if a federal prosecutor is investigating a case but a state court has already indicted the person that the feds are investigating for a crime that violates state law and the conduct is the same but it also violates federal law well the feds should consider not charging the person because it would be duplicative of the state court prosecution. Here's why I'm not persuaded by that argument. It's true that that is a DOJ policy but that's a policy that applies to federal prosecutorial decisions. It doesn't apply to the states. So yes Donald Trump is charged federally in DC for any number of crimes designed to overturn the 2020 election results but you know the Arizona state court prosecutors and the people of Arizona have a right to see Donald Trump held accountable for his violation of Arizona state laws including election laws. So that policy does not prohibit the state from bringing charges that violate Arizona state law and the grand jury wanted to bring those charges but that's another reason that the article reports the prosecutors told the grand jurors well there's this policy of not double charging even though let me add parenthetically double charging is okay it doesn't violate the double jeopardy clause because you can prosecute somebody for committing let me give you a concrete example I had a case involving a murder of a federal task force officer that's a federal crime if you murder a federal officer we have federal jurisdiction for that murder and we brought a federal case but anytime you kill another human being whether a federal officer or not it also violates state murder laws so that defendant could have been tried in both federal court for murdering a federal task force officer and state court for committing murder in violation of state laws so even though there is this policy that policy doesn't persuade me that that's why Arizona told the grand jurors no no no don't charge Donald Trump here is the third point I want to discuss and this is the one that I think may actually have driven the decision of the prosecutors to tell the grand jurors hold up not yet remember where we put a pin in the article we read the prosecutors told the grand jurors we're not sure that we have enough to prosecute Trump to indict Trump at this moment aha who were some of the other defendants that the grand jury did indict Mark Meadows Rudy Giuliani and Jenna Ellis another one of Donald Trump's dirty lawyers and what did we learn in recent days Jenna Ellis has flipped and agreed to cooperate with Arizona state prosecutors and testify truthfully fully and accurately against Donald Trump and Rudy Giuliani and Mark Meadows and all of the other remaining defendants in the Arizona case so might the prosecutors now believe they have enough to indict Donald Trump based on whatever it is Jenna Ellis provided the prosecutors by way of incriminating evidence about the other defendants and you may recall Jenna Ellis got what I would call a sweetheart deal prosecutors said if you testify truthfully and she sat down with them and told them all of the evidence she could provide and they recorded that conversation with her and her lawyer to lock in the evidence that she said she could provide they said we're gonna strike a deal with you that's basically a non-prosecution agreement we're gonna get rid of the pending charges against you because she was indicted if you testify truthfully against the other defendants so I suspect she's got some pretty darn important and incriminating evidence against the bigger criminal fish like Giuliani and Meadows and Trump so might the prosecutors now believe they have enough to indict Donald Trump even if there was some concern back when the grand jurors wanted to indict Trump initially but the prosecutor said hold up hold off not sure we have enough at this moment well maybe the moment has come and if they now have enough evidence to charge Donald Trump he should be indicted because justice matters friends as always please stay safe please stay tuned and I look forward to talking with you all again tomorrow