 Both candidates holding several events in those crucial swing states as they make their closing arguments to voters and only moments ago, former President Donald Trump, he doubled down on some controversial remarks about a former congresswoman. Vice President Kamala Harris in Wisconsin, while former President Donald Trump rallies a crowd in Michigan. Harris criticizing the former president's controversial comments, appearing to threaten Congresswoman Liz Cheney. I know Liz Cheney well enough to know that she is tough. She is incredibly courageous and has shown herself to be a true patriot. Last night in Arizona, former President Trump suggested Cheney should have guns trained on her. She's a radical war hawk. Let's put her with a rifle standing there with nine barrel shooting at her, OK? Let's see how she feels about it. You know, when the guns are trained on her face. Cheney writing on social media, this is how dictators destroy free nations. They threaten those who speak against them with death. She has endorsed Harris, who has made Trump's rhetoric a major issue in the closing days. This is someone who is increasingly unstable, obsessed with revenge, consumed with grievance, and is out for unchecked power. Good morning. Governor Tim Walz in Detroit meeting with black voters. Senator J.D. Vance also at a campaign rally in Michigan. The Trump campaign pledging prices will be lower and growth stronger if he wins. Remember Kamala and Sleepy Joe, they broke it. I will fix it and we'll fix it fast. And we're going to have America that's bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer. Now, the Harris campaign is warning business leaders about the former president's disregard for the law and how that would threaten the economy. Now, both candidates are set to hold rallies tonight in Wisconsin within seven miles of each other. Live in the newsroom, Sharman's Kenny W.C.V.V. News Center 5. All right, Sharman, thank you. Count on News Center 5 and ABC News for up to the minute results, reaction and analysis on election night. Our nonstop coverage begins Tuesday night at seven o'clock. It's anyone's guess as to when it will end.