 And for more on today's opening statements and start of testimony in the Trump criminal trial, we welcome former US Attorney Paul Charlton, a partner at Denton's. Good to see you again. Thank you so much for joining us. Thanks for having me, Ted. All right. Opening arguments before we even get to what was heard and what was said, there were at least two objections during the opening arguments of the process. I mean, how unusual. You don't have objections in opening statements, do you? What's unusual, Ted, is that these are supposed to be opening statements in which both the prosecution and the offense simply relate what they expect the facts to be. It's not supposed to be an opportunity to argue. You're not supposed to convince the jury that we have facts and here are the inferences that you can draw from those facts and therefore the defendant is guilty, says the prosecution or not guilty, says the defense. Here, the prosecution was very careful to adhere to that rule, to make sure that they were simply talking about these are what we expect the facts to be. This is what we expect the evidence to show. But the defense, on the other hand, came close to that line and crossed over into the world of argument. So, for example, one of the things that was reported today was that Mr. Trump's former President Trump's lawyer said, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, Mr. Trump is very much like me, a father and a husband. The idea there is that you're trying to convince this jury that if at the end of the day, when you go back and deliberate and you find that I am in any way appealing or likable, some of that will rub off on my client about whom you're going to hear some very unpleasant facts in the next couple of weeks. To say I am like my client is improper argument. It's not allowed generally, but here the defense knew what they were doing. Mr. Blanche, the lawyer for former President Trump, is an experienced former career prosecutor. He knows better and he also knows that this is a good way, as they say, Ted, to throw the skunk in the jury box and ask him not to smell it. I was going to say, it sounds like you're poisoning the jury here. You're just looking for one person who can find a reasonable doubt, correct? The prosecution has to prove its case, as you know, to a unanimous verdict beyond a reasonable doubt. All Mr. Trump needs is one juror. OK, so let's say they're throwing the skunk there in the jury and unringing the bill. We got all sorts of metaphors here. Are they going to keep doing this? I think we can see throughout this trial, this defense attorney, if what we saw today is any indication of what we're going to see in the future, it's going to continue to press the envelope, is going to continue to move beyond the acceptable norms for defense. And that's not unusual in the other trials we've seen. You remember the E. Jean Carroll case that was tried in federal court. The federal judge there, time after time, had to remind Mr. Trump's lawyers how to conduct themselves and what was appropriate cross-examination. So you have a client who very much wants to press the envelope in his life and I expect he's asking lawyers to do the very same thing in their profession. And the more you press the envelope, the more objections there are, the more likely what, that this case could be thrown out or something could happen to this case and they would have to retry it, which means a delay, which is what he wants, is it? It is. And here's the problem. There's a rule that they teach you in law school and it works very well as you try cases. Before you make an objection, you have to think about two things. Number one, is it objectionable? Is there a good reason for me to object? And number two, is what the other side is saying truly hurtful or harmful to me? Do I need to stand up and make an objection? Because every time the prosecution stands up and objects, the fear from the prosecution side is the jury thinks or will think that somehow we're trying to keep evidence from them that they should otherwise be entitled to hear. So there's a balance for the prosecution to play. And at the other end of that spectrum, Ted, what makes this case so interesting is because this is a case like thousands of cases that take place throughout this country all the time. A defendant being charged by local prosecutors with having committed a crime. What makes this different is that this is a former president who sits in the docket as the defendant. So the prosecution can't and probably will never move to do what they could do in any other case, which is to say, judge, the defense attorney has gone so very far that we think this trial needs to take place all over again. You need to start back, get a new jury and let's begin these openings because Trump would like nothing more than to see a delay occur in this trial. If that is if those are the schematics here and that's the plan and the strategy, etc. And it is that much different than what these kinds of things usually see. Do we expect that much of a difference as we go on with testimony with everything that is involved? Is this just not going to be your regular trial? It's not going to be your regular trial because the defendant is far from any kind of regular defendant. And the test here is not going to be just for the lawyers, but for the judge to see what kind of control he can exercise throughout the whole of this case. Okay. And I want to ask about the gag order as well because he's still going after even after the case, after the court proceedings today, he's out there criticizing people and talking about a witness, Michael Cohen. And you're not supposed to do that kind of thing. They're supposed to be a gag order. I think there's a hearing tomorrow is there not regarding previous concerns about breaking the gap. And what I mean, at what point does he is he given the message, the serious message to knock it off? Again, this is a extraordinarily difficult case for the prosecution and the judge who has to control the environment in which this case is being held. If this were any other defendant and the defendant were to have continually threatened witnesses, threatened the judge's family, made it risky for people to do their very jobs. That individual who was making those threats would have been taken into custody. That's a pretty simple way to view how it is things occur when you confront the criminal justice system in that way. But here, the likelihood that former President Trump is going to be taken into custody seems very slight. The mechanics of even making that happen would be difficult to understand. How do you provide security details for a former president when he's in custody? What does custody look like? Can he appear in court? There's just so many difficult problems that the ultimate threat can't be incarceration, but money. And for a person who's a billionaire, a thousand dollars a day, a thousand dollars in occurrence isn't a significant penalty. So we'll have to see what this judge fashions in order to keep this defendant from threatening or causing a risk of harm to the witnesses. I was going to say it's not a significant penalty and he's probably not going to pay it. He's going to spend a lifetime trying to fight that as well. I thought one thing interesting from the defense point. They're trying to make him to be a victim. We understand that. There's nothing wrong. There's quote nothing wrong with trying to influence the election. It's called democracy. OK, nothing wrong with trying to influence the election. And yet they still denied there was any sexual encounter with Stormy Daniels, which was covered up allegedly, to get to the election. I mean, it's it's am I seeing some sort of circular logic here? What do you make of that argument? So as you pointed out earlier, Ted, and this is a good defense tactic. You're looking for that one juror who's going to embrace some theory that you throw out there. And one theory could very well be one of the other arguments that Mr. Blanche made was this is a case about thirty four documents, thirty four pieces of paper. In other words, there were these thirty four false business filings that former President Trump made. That's all it is. It's thirty four false filings. That sort of trivialization, that sort of minimization of what occurred here is something that some juror might hear become attracted to and be the one juror that holds out from the guilty verdict. So circular, yes. But in a way, the logic from the defense side is one that's worked in other cases and could work here. Just throw it out there and see what happens. Last question, are we rewriting the rules for criminal prosecution of executives of presidents in this country? What I would say to that is we haven't changed the rules at all for over two hundred and twenty years. It has always been the law and the Supreme Court's going to rule on this very soon. As you know, the presidents do not enjoy any benefits, no immunity that you and I wouldn't otherwise enjoy. So the president here is being charged with a crime that occurred outside of the time in office and for a period of time while he was in office, just as former President Nixon could have been charged with a crime just as any other former president could have been charged and any future president could as well. Those individuals are no different than you and I tend. Yeah, no different. But as we mentioned, the way this court is being the proceedings are going on, it's very that's very different at the same time. Paul Charlton, again, thank you so much for your time and your analysis. We appreciate it. Thank you. Thanks.