 Alright, so Vice President Harris and Minnesota Governor Tim Walz. They're continuing their focus on battleground states with a rally today in Phoenix, Arizona. So joining us live now is CBS's Natalie Brann. Thank you so much for joining us. Natalie, what can you tell us about her visit today and the significance of it being in Arizona? Yeah, Julia, good to be with you. This, as you know, is a key battleground state and represents this newly minted ticket taking their campaign to the critical Southwest today in Arizona tomorrow in Nevada. We are right now in Mesa, Arizona, which is about 30, 40 minutes away from the city where she will hold her rally later today. But the significance of being here, we just spoke to the Republican mayor of Mesa, John Giles, who again, he's a Republican, but he's come out in support of Vice President Kamala Harris. He greeted her on the tarmac yesterday as she touched down in Phoenix. He will be at her rally tonight. He will also be at the DNC later this month. And his message is that he wants to, he says, emulate Republicans of the vein of the late Senator John McCain in putting country first. He believes that former President Trump is a threat to the nation, in his words. We talked to him specifically about one of the biggest topics here, immigration and what he thinks about the former president's comments about mass deportations, what he believes as a mayor in a border state. Take a listen. Immigrants are at an essential part of the economy in our country, and particularly in Arizona. If we did resort to mass deportation, that would crash our economy like we've never seen before. So there are some really dumb ideas that are being floated by the Republican Party and by President Trump right now. Immigration absolutely. At the border, absolutely. These are critical issues that we need to be talking about, and we need to be having innovative and constructive problem solving approaches taken to. But that's not what we've seen from President Trump. He believes the solution here is bipartisan legislation similar to what was happening months ago in the Senate when that negotiation was underway and then kind of came to a screeching halt after the former president seemed to lobby against it. So again, he is an interesting voice here because he really highlights and represents the divide that exists within the Republican Party here in Arizona and beyond with moderate Republicans worried about the former president. He's now taking the extra step of campaigning for Vice President Harris, Juliet. Yeah, and also we should mention that she did pass over Arizona Senator Mark Kelly. And so where do voters stand on that with her VP pick? Yeah, and we're hoping to ask that question to a number of Arizona supporters here tonight. I asked Mayor Giles about that and he says, well, you know, it would have been really nice to have an Arizona face on the ticket. At the same time, he says they're happy not to lose him here in this state. We know Senator Kelly will be at the rally tonight. So kind of mixed reaction here, but similar to what you're hearing in Pennsylvania with Governor Shapiro, where the local supporters are happy to see their hometown guy stay in the state. I also want to mention, Juliet, going back to the topic of immigration, we're hoping also to speak today to a DACA recipient to talk about what he wants to hear from Vice President Harris and Governor Walts when it comes to immigration, border security and immigration reform, because this is again a key issue for this state. And it will be interesting to see how this ticket addresses, speaks about this key issue, this key topic on the campaign trail tonight in the Southwest. Yeah, absolutely. They are there to sway the undecided voter as we speak. Natalie Brand, always great insight. Appreciate you joining us. Thank you so much.