 Joining us now, the mayor of Tempe, Arizona, Corey Woods, who is a surrogate for Vice President Harris. Mayor, welcome. It's been called the biggest speech of the VP's career. The Washington Post reports Harris tonight will aim to introduce herself, which is still largely unfamiliar with her personal story. Mayor, what should Americans know about the VP that we don't know this morning? Well, good morning. Thank you so much for having me. I mean, Vice President Kamala Harris has been a district attorney, Attorney General, U.S. Senator, and now Vice President and soon to be President of the United States. She's been an incredible public servant during the course of her career who always has put people first. As pretty much all the speakers have talked about, the first thing that Kamala Harris always led with when she was a prosecutor was Kamala Harris for the people. That was who she was as an elected official in California. That's who she's been as Vice President. And we know that that's why she's going to be elected the next president of the United States this coming November 5th. Mayor, I want to talk about the polls in your state of Arizona. They're fully in play. The state is. One recent poll finds former President Trump ahead by one point. Another finds Vice President Harris up by five. Later this morning, President Trump will be in your state of Arizona. He's visiting the southern border. He'll also be in your area of Glendale, Arizona, tomorrow, specifically. How much will the border crisis and, of course, the candidates' ideas on solving it ultimately sway undecided voters in Arizona? Well, we absolutely have had challenges in this country for decades now when it comes to immigration. But I will say, you know, it was President Biden and Vice President Harris who actually put together the toughest border security bill in recent history, which unfortunately was killed by former President Trump. You know, we know it was a bipartisan solution that was negotiated by some conservative Republicans in the U.S. Senate. And unfortunately, at that point in time, former President Trump got a hold of the bill and decided that it wasn't going to be good for him politically to have this actually passed prior to the November election. So he actually back channeled it and called congressional Republicans to get it killed. And that's obviously that shows that it's not really for him about putting together a solution. It's more about politics and doing whatever he thought would personally benefit him. We need the leadership of Vice President Harris as president because, frankly, she has talked about how she becomes president. That same bill that was negotiated bipartisan basis, she will sign into law. And I think that really is critically important from my perspective as a mayor. We have to find people who are not doing things just for pure politics and for their own personal benefit, but doing things on behalf of the state of Arizona and on behalf of the entire country. So I care as a mayor about results. And we know Vice President Harris is someone who also cares about results and has a proven history of getting the job done. Sir, I have less than a minute, but I want to ask, is Arizona a must win state for Vice President Harris? And I also want to ask how long you think the honeymoon phase will last past the DNC for the VP. I think it really is a critical battleground swing state. And I think it's one that she is very well positioned to win. If we remember, you know, Joe Biden carried this back the state back in 2020 by approximately 10,000 votes. So Democrats have clearly proven that they can win the state. We feel the vice president is very well positioned. So, you know, we we're going to be in very good shape coming up. We feel she has the right message and she's the right person for these times. And honestly, I don't believe it's a honeymoon. I believe she has been an exceptional candidate who's put forward an exceptional message. And this convention has been truly wonderful if you're here on the ground. So I don't think it's a honeymoon phase. I think you're seeing Vice President Harris for who she really is, an exceptional candidate, an exceptional person. And I think this is going to continue for the next 75 days up until Election Day. All right. Time will tell Mary. Mayor Cory Woods, thank you so much for coming on today, Mayor. We appreciate it.