 ... ... Officially, one week to go till the big day, and Kamala's latest strategy is to pretend Trump will take your guns and your free speech. No, seriously, she thinks we're dumb. Unreasonable search and seizure. Your fifth amendment right. Your sixth amendment right to an attorney. Well, a lot of rights gonna be gone. The first amendment's gonna be gone. But the first amendment, the second amendment, look, I'm in favor of the second amendment. I don't believe we should be taking anybody's guns away. He wants to terminate the Constitution of the United States. To the very uneducated eye, or to the folks who may only watch The View and MSNBC, this could in some alternate universe, maybe by some stretch of the heavily medicated imagination, be possible. But too bad we have the tapes. Kamala said she won't take your guns. Well, shoot, roll it. I want to follow up to something you just said there, because as you know, the 94 assault weapons ban didn't apply to weapons that were purchased before 1994. What would you do about the millions of, specifically, assault weapons that are already in circulation? What do you do about those? Well, there are approximately five million, to your point, Craig. We have to have a buyback program, and I support a mandatory buyback program. It's gotta be smart. We gotta do it the right way. How mandatory is your gun buyback program? It's mandatory. Second amendment? Second amendment, listen, we have to, we're gonna have to do it the right way. There's no question about that. But we don't have any, we have to get these guns off the street. But I also, you know, I have faith in the American people to know that, you know, that we want to comply with our laws, and that I know that to be true. Ah, shucks, foiled again by your own words, girl. But Kamala also alleges she will protect your free speech rights, which is not only laughable, given the Biden-Harris administration actively worked and is still working to curtail those rights. But also given how her running mate, Tim Wols, feels about the absoluteness of free speech. I think we need to push back on this. There's no guarantee to free speech on misinformation or hate speech, and especially around our democracy. Those two clowns are the fakest duo since the Wayne brothers and White Chicks. Kamala is actually much better at talking in salads. At least you can't fact-check those. And we stand then in that path, knowing that we also have the honor and the duty of excelling in every way possible, being able to see what is possible and not be burdened by other people's limited ability to see the same. Joining me now is the host of the Officer Tatum show, Brandon Tatum. Okay, Brandon, do you think she's winning over the blackmail vote doing all of these podcasts? I think only the dumb ones, the ones that have common sense, know that she's full of crap. There's nobody on planet Earth that believes that she's not going to take your guns. She's not going to obstruct the freedom of speech. And for her to say the craziest, most outlandish things like Donald Trump is going to get rid of the Constitution. Well, why did he get rid of the Constitution when he was the president? Because it doesn't exist. And it's sad because Shannon Sharpe had her on his podcast, but I don't think he would have Donald Trump on his podcast. You got to balance the spectrum. I honestly believe if Donald Trump won on his podcast, he'll show it out. That'll be the most views that, well, maybe outside of Cat Williams, that Shannon Sharpe would ever have. And people will be able to see Donald Trump is not a Nazi. Donald Trump is not this crazy old man is going to somehow unravel the foundation of this country. These people, they literally make me sick to my stomach at how much they lie and gaslight the American people. But I do think that the American people waking up, especially the black community, men in particular are saying we're done with this mess. I would certainly hope so. It's so funny because Kamala was caught on a hot mic. I actually think that was all contrived. I don't actually think it was a hot mic. But when she was with Big Gretsch and they were talking about how they're losing with men, they conveniently didn't notice that there were microphones all around. So maybe they are just that dumb and unaware. But they know that they're losing with men. And the strategy in the last week seems to be to go on black podcasts. That's one. And two, just to call Trump Hitler and a fascist and a Nazi. That seems to be the all in play there. But I think she's going to lose majorly with men. I don't think it's even going to be close. And I wonder what you make of the fact that Joe Biden was able to get at least what the polls are telling us. That Joe Biden was able to get more of the black vote in certain states like Georgia than the polls are showing Kamala Harris, who is half black, is going to be able to get. Now, we don't know if the polls are accurate. But what do you make of that? That an old white man who can't even function was possibly able to get more of a vote than the actual black woman. What does that tell you about the voters in places like Georgia? Well, there's a twofold thing here. One is that the brainwashing was better. They've been able to manipulate and brainwash people in the belief in that Joe Biden was a moderate and he ran as a moderate. And even people like my dad way back when. Now, I don't think my dad is going to vote for him. Vote for the Democrats ever again. But back then it was, well, we want to get back to normalcy. We want to get back to peace. Donald Trump is so radical. And it's all these, you know, arguing and bickering that's going on in our country. If we just got back to a regular politician, things will be better. But then people realize things got worse and these people don't know what they're doing. And Joe Biden is half dead. So I think people are waking up more so than what it has to do with Kamala Harris independently. I think people just see through this mess, man. I mean, she comes across very disingenuous. She's not a genuine person. She's not authentic when she gets out there and says she could collagreens in a bathtub. There's no black person on planet Earth that ever cooked collagreens in a bath or not cooked, but cleaned them in a bathtub. Now, you know, to the, you know, in my opinion, these people are really out of touch with the black experience. Even Joe Biden, they're out of touch with the black experience. So what do they do? They Google black experiences or they come up with them off because they heard of one black person, maybe somewhere that did something. But then when you target to the mass amount of black people that grew up in the South, they know you full of crap. And it's very questionable what her ethnicity really is. We don't know how black she really supposed to be. And I said this a long time ago in the video actually went viral, is that I don't know why in this country we accept biracial and we make that biracial person black. That is a white supremacist perspective. Because back in the day, they wanted the white race to be pure. So if you had any drop of any other race, you had to be relocated to that secondary race and the white race will remain white and pure. This is exactly what white supremacists did in history. I took the, you know, I studied, after kind of studies in college, I learned about the study of whiteness, which is one of my courses. Now, it now is probably super woke. Back then, they kind of at least gave a reasonable perspective. But why do we accept that? Why can't we say a person is both black and white? And the funny thing is the two first black president and presidential candidate are both biracial. It's crazy to me. Crazy to me too. And also, you know, to that point, I don't know why we haven't heard Kamala's Canadian accent yet because she actually did spend a lot of time in Canada. So she whipped that one out, we would actually believe it. But we have yet to hear that one. I do want to ask you, speaking of people pretending to be things that they're not. I don't know if you caught any of the AOC and Tim Woll's Twitch debacle. It was pretty hard to watch from just the clips that we saw. I can't imagine watching it in real time. But this man is supposed to be a coach. He's actually an assistant coach. But I don't know anything about football, Brandon. I wouldn't pretend to know anything about football. I have no idea what a pick six is. I thought that that was like picking lottery numbers. I would never go on Twitch and try to use that terminology because I'm unfamiliar with it. But what do you make of Tim Woll's in this now deleted tweet obviously has gone viral. We even think he was a coach. Like what was he doing? I can't stop laughing. Tommy, listen, nobody ever in the history of watching football or participating football, whatever say somebody ran a mean pick six. A pick six is not a play. You can't run a pick six. What happens is you get an interception on defense and you happen to make it to the touchdown. That's considered a pick six. How can you run a mean pick six? This dude, I've never heard that term used ever in my life. And I play football ever since I was a kid. I was an all American in high school. I played in college. I have never in my life heard somebody say somebody ran a mean pick six. These people are absolutely ridiculous. I love that they're doing this because it's exposing them. They're trying to be so relevant that they're that they become cringy. That old guy has nothing in common with AOC. She has nothing in common with Tim Waltz. They are there. The polar opposites. They would never play Madden. Why would, why would she play Madden? Carol don't watch football. She never played football and she has never played Madden on any of her podcasts or anything that I've seen her on. Maybe she's on Twitch. Maybe she's trying to be relevant, but you guys are trying too hard. Tommy, have you ever been around a person where you're like, you're trying too hard to be cool. Just be yourself and people will accept that or reject that. But when you start trying to act like I'm hip with the kids and I shoot guns, I shoot guns. I'm going to go hunt pheasant and you, and you struggling to load the gun on a prerecorded tape. I mean, these people are insane. Yeah, they're doing too much and just comes off so disingenuous and so inauthentic. I don't know how they get any, any member of the youth vote because I would think that young people in particular would find all of that just super embarrassing, like secondhand embarrassment for me watching it. But speaking of AOC, you know, there's still the hysteria over Trump selling out Madison Square Garden. We know the Puerto Rican joke did not land well. I'll talk to you about that in a moment, but AOC, you know, not to her, it's not just a Nazi rally, but it's also a mini January 6th in her eyes. Let's take a listen. This was also not just a campaign rally. I think it's very important for people to understand that these are many January 6th rallies. These are many stop the steal rallies. These are rallies to prime an electorate into rejecting the results of an election if it doesn't go the way that they want because Donald Trump and that entire cadre of people up on that stage, Stephen Miller, et cetera, do not respect the law. The United States of America and they either want to win this election or they are using rhetoric of taking it by force. That is what this that is what they mean. And that's what they're doing when they are inciting violence and hatred against Latinos against black Americans against Americans who don't have children against. I mean, you have JD Vance literally talking about watering down people's right to vote depending on if they can viably carry a child or not. We have to understand how unhinged this campaign has gotten. Unhinged for AOC to call anything unhinged is really remarkable. But yes, she says that it's a mini all kinds of little mini January 6th out there. I wonder from your perspective, though, if they happen to lose next Tuesday, which God willing they will. What do you think they're going to do? A mini is going to be a large scale January 6th. I don't think they can take it. They cannot take the fact that Donald Trump will be back in office and all the bull crap that they've been spewing over the years is going to just blow up in their face. He's a dictator. He's going to ruin America. He's Hitler. All of these things. The American people are going to be able to see for themselves that they're not true, that he cares about the American people. He's going to make this a big deal. He's going to make the economy better. People are going to have more money in their pocket. People are going to be freer and happier than they would under a Biden administration and the Kamala Harris administration or Kamala and walls. Like I and then they'll never get elected again because people are going to see how much they were gas lit, the lies and all of the exception they've done over the years. She knows for a fact that she just got on that show and made it up. This is mini January 6th. They didn't even mention January 6th at this rally. They didn't even say anything about division and cat ladies and none of that stuff. These leftist nut jobs are literally taking something somebody said here and piecing it together with something somebody said here out of context 30 years ago. And then they're trying to push it to the American people as if it's a current issue. People are sick of this, Tommy, and I hope that they keep doing this crazy stuff in the average American. Not the Tiktok and personal line keyboard warriors. The average American is looking at their bank account and looking at their ability to provide for their families, their future, their 401ks. Nobody is caring about this fake January 6th stuff. But I hope that people wake up to this. I really do pray that there is a reckoning on election day. You can only cry for so long, cry wolf. And then pretty soon I think people tune out of it. And so if they want to go this route, Trump's a fascist this. I mean, we've heard this before. And I personally think that this is going to be their deplorables moment. I think Hillary Clinton largely lost in 2016 because of her deplorables comment. And I think people are starting to feel the same way, especially when this man has been shot at and he had two, at least two assassination attempts. Iran has an active hit on his head. And then they're sitting there saying the things that they're saying about him. And I think that they're they're actually doing what they're claiming Donald Trump and his supporters are doing. I think their prime in the pump for their supporters to go nuts if Donald Trump were to win. I think that that's what they want. It's like, hey, listen, no holds barred. These people are evil. And, you know, most people look at that and they would never act out. But there are some people that are crazy and deranged enough to do something. But speaking of crazy and deranged, this went viral over the weekend. I mean, your typical Kamala liberal. But we have a clip of this woman outside of the Kamala rally. I don't know if she's mad that Beyonce didn't sing. I don't know why she would scream at a toddler. But, you know, to me, this is just your typical angry white liberal woman. When you saw that, what did you think was going down? Well, I'm glad that that wasn't my child. I'm glad that my wife was there. If a woman screamed in our kids face, you know, I got bail money. That's all I'm saying. But I think that these people are deranged and they're mindless. I would never scream at a little kid like this. But but these people are so caught up in this. You know what time it regardless of this, like the thing is, is that they are so upset and they think Trump is such a Nazi and they're completely wrong. It's sad that a woman will scream in the face of a kid over a flat out line. They're just deceived. Nobody's Hitler. It's not that serious. Donald Trump left office. I don't care about January 6 or not. He left. They finished the vote the same day. The man relinquished his position as the president and Biden is the president. Why they keep going back to something that never happened. And people are embodying this. I go to campuses all around the country. And people are crying mad. They want to fight people. They want to jump out of windows at the campus because of Donald Trump. And it's made up. It's so sad that some people and I'm gonna say this and don't don't be mad at me. Some people are going to lose it all when Trump wins and they're going to lose it all for nothing over fake rhetoric over political jargon, just so Democrats can stay in the power. But I just I'll try to answer your question that I think it's absolutely sad and deranged that a woman would yell at a kid's face like that. She's lucky that the mother wasn't there and somebody didn't, you know, slap her over what she did. But hopefully they they embarrass her enough online that she'll never do something like that again. It's just so embarrassing that these people act like this. But then on the flip side of that, when you see a Trump rally, you look at Madison Square Garden. They know they try so hard to make it look like that was some kind of a Nazi rally or whatever. But by all accounts, everybody that was there, everybody that's gone to a Trump rally, people are kind. People are patriotic. People are friendly. I mean, you just don't see this kind of stuff at a Trump rally. People are genuinely enjoying themselves. I have to ask you to because I know you're in Arizona. It's going to be a very important state. Maricopa County is going to be one to watch for sure. How are you feeling in Arizona? Do you feel like Trump's going to pull it out of that state? How are you feeling about the Senate race? Like, what are things like on the ground there? Well, it's hard to tell. You know, I honestly think Donald Trump dominated, but he still end up not getting the electoral college votes from the state of Arizona. And that was very disheartening to me. I almost got like a slight PTSD from it because we did a rally here back in 2020 where we had like a motor, not a motorcade, but a car rally. It was, I don't know, the largest rally in American history of cars that went all the way up to a obscure location out in Arizona. We had a big old rally. It was incredible. You see so many Trump signs, so many Trump flags everywhere in Arizona. You can't find a hair sign anywhere on a car, a bumper sticker, nowhere. This is Trump country. How the heck he didn't win this place by a loan shot was bizarre to me in 2020, but his success is growing even greater. Charlie Kirk was on campus at ASU, which is a leftist university. And he had hundreds of kids with MAGA hats on rallying and protesting and letting their voice be heard in support of Donald Trump. That is something I've never seen before. So I think in Arizona, Donald Trump is going to win by a lot. Now, Carrie Lake is a question mark. I think that Carrie Lake is not running a strong campaign. I think a lot of people in Arizona are sick of her. I don't think she's running a good campaign. I'm voting for it anyway because I'm not voting for a leftist lunatic in Gallegos. But I would hope that people would say I'm voting for Donald Trump, so I'm going to vote for Carrie Lake and I'm going to vote for the Republicans down ticket. I'm hoping that people do that because if they don't, Carrie Lake is going to lose and we're going to have another freaking Democrat senator. And I really hope that the people will wake up because if you look at the polling, the polling match how I feel and how others are feeling because Donald Trump is dominating. Carrie Lake is not. And so we're hoping that they bring it together because we do need their to be a red wave here in Arizona. Do you think it was a mistake to pick Carrie Lake as your candidate there? I mean, I think Sheriff Lamb, who's a friend of this show and I believe a friend of yours as well. I think that there were maybe some other choices. I liked Carrie Lake in the past, but I think that her name got so stained previously that I don't know if that was the best option. I'm actually a little worried about that. I think that maybe Arizona could have done a little better on the Republican ticket. Do you think that that was a miss? The Republicans in Arizona are absolute losers when it comes to everything except for the presidential election. And when I say that is because a lot of Republicans that are winning are running unopposed in Arizona. So that's an easy victory. We only had like one victory of a legitimate Republican. But the fact is that we have lost, I don't know, four Senate races already. They're putting up terrible candidates. Martha McSally was terrible. She lost two Senate seats. And then they go and they put up another person. Carrie Lake did the best she could do. I think she she she, you know, poured out a pool all the shots out when she ran for governor. She did not win. I know that people like to think they cheated. When I look at and evaluate what happened in Arizona, there was a little bit of that, but that was inconsequential to her election victory, in my opinion. And the only reason is because in Arizona, we have mega Republicans. We have McCain Republicans. And if you come out and you are magga, magga, magga, stick in the middle finger to McCain, his and McCain Republicans in Arizona, you are going to lose. McCain Republicans in Arizona will not vote for Republican. They'll let us lose an election before they vote for Republican. That is against McCain in the theology of these these Republicans here that are establishment. And if you're going to be a candidate and you're going to win the Senate, not the national election, you're going to win the Senate. You have to be a more moderate candidate. You have to be open to listen to both the McCain Republicans and the magga Republicans. Let me give you an example. Doug Ducey, who was the governor here. Now, I'm not a big fan of Doug Ducey. Doug Ducey won by 300000 votes. So you cannot tell me that this state is a is a blue state. It's just that we keep putting up candidates that are inauthentic. Carrie Lake came out. If she had her own personality, Tommy, she would have won. But she's trying to be Donald Trump 2.0. There's only one person that can be Trump. There's only one person that can just say anything they want and bash the media every time. It's only Donald Trump. No other person has the name recognition. No other person has the swag. No other person has the money, the popularity, none of that. Nobody can do what Trump does. So any Republican think they're going to win in Arizona need to be more moderate. And you don't have to take a strong stance against pro-life organizations or anything like that. But you need to step back and say, what does my constituency want here in Arizona? And I'm going to run on that. Not what they want nationally, but what do people want in Arizona? And if we start running candidates like that, we will win back Arizona and it'll be red again. I think you're exactly right. And I'm very hopeful for that. There's nothing wrong with moderating yourself a little bit to win an election and you can't piss off half the Republican Party and expect to win a state. You just can't. You have to have every Republican in your corner. And that's that. So best of luck. I don't want to derange leftists in the Senate, but I think that there's been some missteps made in that area. So let's just hope. I'm wondering your thoughts on how things are looking for next Tuesday. A lot of early voting on behalf of Republicans, which is good to see. Finally, Republicans are taking part in that. So I don't know if it'll be enough. I'm always cautiously optimistic because I don't like to get cocky about it. I don't want to be embarrassed like we were in twenty twenty two. But how do you think this is looking a week out? I personally think he's looking great for Donald Trump. Look at the turnout. I mean, the turnout is going to be ridiculous. You got to think we are typically of Election Day voters. I think this is an influx of new voters. This is an influx of people who are enthusiastic about voting. That's not even accounting for the people that's going to show up in person because they believe that's the most secure way to cast your vote. I think that Donald Trump is going to win this thing by a lot. I think they're doing horrible. They got to pay ten million dollars allegedly to Beyonce for her to do a three minute speech. And people walked out when they realized she wasn't performing. They have to pay people to endorse them. They have to buzz people to these rallies. Donald Trump just sold out Madison Square Garden. And that's the inside the arena. Just imagine the people that were outside. And that's trying to get the D.C. Just imagine if there was somewhere else that was more accessible like Texas or somewhere where you have a bunch of people from the South that can get there. Donald Trump's momentum is out of control. And the more that Kamala goes on television and she just word salad her way through it. She don't answer questions. She can't tell you what she's going to do. She telling she is a new way forward. She's already in office. I mean in a bash in the black man and they've lost them. You're not going to go in a sharp pocket and somehow get the black man back. They already made their mind up. And that's the same thing that happened with this Trump Madison Square Garden debacle with the comedian. People make their mind up. And we voted early. Or at least I already feel mine out. My wife she don't take it in and we're going to go and vote early because we don't want to wait till election day. And then the machines mess up and or they don't they don't verify your signature and then you don't find out to after. Now we're going to do it early. So therefore something happens. We can go and fix it before they close the election. But I think Donald Trump is going to kick butt this time. I have a little PTSD from 2020 because I honest to God truth. I felt the same way in 2020. But we have to also look at some of the other things that have happened. Elon Musk have endorsed Trump. Trump went on Joe Rogan. And it's the podcast probably 50 million views right now. I mean Donald Trump has gone all these other podcasts that are more cultural and not just political podcast. I mean he got shot. Joe Rogan thing too because it came out today the podcast put out that Kamala said she would do the Joe Rogan podcast. But on her terms they want them to come to her and it can only be an hour. That's what they're reporting. What do you make of that? I mean so entitled. What a little brat in my opinion like Joe Rogan is going to come to me and I'm only going to do an hour. Like that's not how this thing works to us. Right. And the people think about this Joe Rogan have a lot of in the middle people a lot of Democrats a lot of Republican. He's kind of in the middle because he's been kind of in the middle of this whole time. He liked Bernie at one point. Then he like RFK Junior. And so he's kind of been in the middle. So he's attracted the audience that can see both sides or that that are on both sides of the spectrum. Donald Trump did the podcast humanized him to millions of people that have never even thought about listening to Donald Trump. And then you got Kamala Harris. People are saying I like Kamala. I want to see what she has to say. And she turned it down and then they go back and say oh now she's accepting it. But she won't Joe Rogan to somehow fly somewhere instead of a podcast where Joe Rogan has never done that for any day. And he's interviewed Elon Musk and everybody that you can think of. He's never flown somewhere to go see somebody. And then Donald Trump did three hours and he could have did six hours. Y'all know how he talked. I mean I watched the whole thing and I was like God dang this is pretty interesting. And Trump and broke a sweat. Joe Rogan said he didn't even use the restroom or even drink anything while he was doing three hour speech. Kamala want to do that. People are like oh dang I thought she was like gunning for this thing. I thought she was like confident. I thought she was confident enough to run the country. She's not even confident enough to do a podcast. And let me say this Tommy and you probably agree with me on this a little bit. Women have a slight disadvantage when it comes to being the president in a leadership position because people generically have been conditioned to not see women as leaders as much as they do men. Now there are women that are incredible that can lead yourself included. But it's an uphill battle. You have to prove that you're not some cackling weak emotional person. And Kamala Harris hasn't done a good job at that. She's cackling and laughing and can't answer questions. She's seeing a timid. She's not confident. She's looking down every time she interviews. She's not a good representation of a female leadership position or a female leader. And I think it's going to hurt her more than what the polls are showing. And men are not going to say it. But a lot of men are like if I'm going to have a woman lead me she needs to be a woman that I can believe that I can follow. Remind me of grandma that was a leader in the family. My mama. And she don't represent mama vibes. She don't represent grandma vibes. This woman is illegitimate. And I think this time there's a lot of other women which I'm glad they didn't use them. That would have been far better leaders. It would have been far more confident against Donald Trump. That have been far more of a perfect example of how a woman can actually lead because she has a reputation to. And she also have a demeanor. And she comes across you know like a very strong person that you know can get in front of a dictator or a leader. And put them in their place. And be very confident. Kamala Harris has none of these qualities. None at all. And I think it's going to hurt her. And I'll say this even going back to 2016 right like obviously I never wanted Hillary Clinton to be my president. And most of us you know as it turned out didn't want Hillary Clinton to be our president. But I will say this at least to Hillary Clinton's credit. When I look at somebody like Hillary Clinton I disagree with her on probably 99 percent of policy positions. But I do believe that Hillary Clinton would have been competent in a leadership role even if she didn't have a political where she's a real political leader. And I'm glad that she doesn't lead the way I would want her to. I felt that she could lead at least in a way that wouldn't embarrass the United States of America. But you look at Kamala and I'm thinking to myself. Can you just imagine her representing our country? She's trying to eke out right now. Just like the last remaining week. Like Oh my God let me just get through a couple interviews. Let me just get through a couple podcasts and I already say burden by what has been twice in the same five minutes. Like it's just she's so uncomfortable. And then I think he does it. You know she's got to be in the to myself, imagine we elect her and she's got to do this for four years representing us. That actually makes me far more worried than even Joe Biden who, like you said, half dead. It makes me worried. Like, what is the world going to look like if this woman is our president? Not because she's a woman, but because she's Kamala. Right. And unfortunately, when you look at some of these Middle Eastern countries and leaders, they don't respect women the same. No. And a woman have to demand respect for these people. She can't do that. She can't look a person in the eye. But I want to say this one thing, and this is one thing that I forgot to mention that I think is really one of the reasons why they're failing in the black community. Kamala Harris and her minions are saying, you're wrong not to pick her a woman because she's black. You should support the black woman. You support the black woman. Wait a minute. She married a white man. So she don't even support black men. She married a white man. And then out of all the running mates, she could have picked. She picked a corny white man. She didn't pick a black man. She didn't pick a black woman. She didn't marry a black man. She married a white man and picked a white running mate. That's the whitest dude in American history. Nobody would swag or nothing. Homeboy didn't been around black people once in his life. So how are you lecturing us on saying we got to be stupid enough to avoid every red flag to pick her because she's black, but she don't even do that in her personal life. And she don't even do that in her professional life running for vice president. I mean, running for the president of the United States. So somebody explained that to me. You can't guilt us into this race baiting stuff and you don't even apply it in your own life. I think she'll get more of the black vote if she did say, I'm gonna pick a woman to be a vice president. Tommy, why not? Why can't it be two women on a ticket? Why can't she pick another woman? If it's women power strong, I think she'd get more credence if she picked a woman because then you'd be like, I ain't women. You don't need a man. You can get a woman and do the same thing. Well, to be fair, I don't know if Tim Wols necessarily screams man. So I don't know if I look at Tim Wols, I'm like, yeah, she picked a white man from the Midwest. Like more like the nutcracker. I agree with you. I don't know about that. You know what? But you bring up a good point. Maybe because the left is so married to identity politics, maybe we pressure them for that to be their new thing. Joe had to pick Kamala because he had to pick a black woman. Well, maybe now you're setting this up perfectly. Next time you guys run for anything, we need two women up there and you guys need to nominate that and just like let the chips fall where they may. Maybe that's like the next thing that needs to be demanded of them because they're married to DEI and identity politics. Yeah, but good luck with it. I hope they try that. I hope they do too. I hope they do too. But I think that Donald Trump is gonna win this thing pretty big. I really do. I think that they're not gonna get away with some of the things they did in 2020. People were not aware. People were voting in person. They were calling certain states so people didn't show up. I think a lot of people took it for granted in 2020. You know, they said, oh, Trump have it in the bag. And they come on. They didn't show it to vote. There's a lot of people out here right now on the internet talking all this noise and they never voted. I did a poll on my YouTube channel over how many people Nick was like a hundred and I I think it was like 150,000 people took the survey on YouTube and 20% of them didn't even vote. And my demographic is between 35 and 55 with most of the people that follow me on social media. So a lot of people stay at home. But now that we are empowered to vote early, I think a lot of people are getting out the house and saying, let me go take care of this now instead of waiting to this day. And in my car break down or I got issues on the job, I can't get off the job. I forgot. I forgot where I'm supposed to go vote at. I didn't register properly. People are thinking about it much earlier and being more prepared. So I hope that me and you after the election have a celebration conversation about how Trump swept her in this election and we can finally get our country back right. I remember, I know you do too, but I remember 2016 and I remember how sweet the holidays were after 2016. It was like Thanksgiving was amazing. Christmas was amazing. New Year's was amazing. It was like, that was the heyday. I want to go back there. I want to go into Thanksgiving and be like, God, we got Donald Trump. We elected Donald Trump. Like, let's please go into the holidays with some enthusiasm. Be the greatest gift we could be given is that. And I'm still so nervous and I don't want to be overconfident because as you said, people have to go out and vote. I don't care if you're in a red state. I don't care if you're sitting in California and you're like, my vote doesn't count. It does. It counts. Let's have him win the popular vote. Like let's just make it so big and so definitive that these people cry all through the holidays, all through their made up holidays, even let's let them cry through them all. Like I just want this to be so crushing, but I don't want to get too excited. So I have to talk to you after the election. Hopefully we're celebratory and we can just get our ducks in a row for 2028. That's what I want. I just want just like success, but I like the high vibes. Let's just carry it into a week from today and you remind your people, I'll remind my people you got to vote. Please vote. Like please, if there's nothing else you do, if you don't even shower in the next week, please just vote. That's it. Amen. I want to say amen to that. All right, Brandon. Well, I hope to talk to you after the election victory. Thank you so much for taking the time. And like I said, let's just go into Thanksgiving. Extra grateful this year. Yes. Well, God bless you. Thank you for having me. Appreciate you as always. All right, folks, Donald Trump and the increasingly haunting realization that he will be reelected has broken the collective liberal brain and I just hope that their networks cover therapy. It's time for final thoughts. The lib media fixtures have abandoned trying to polish the turd that is Kamala Harris. That venture was futile for obvious reasons. So instead they decided to go full bore TDS. They were just desperate to characterize Trump's Madison Square Garden rally as a gathering of Nazis. Weird. Given how many Israeli flags were present, but whatever. TDS, Trump derangement syndrome, isn't a disorder based on reality, but rather on delusion. I'm not sure if these fools are just acting, but for their sake, I certainly hope so. I think a lot of people are seeing that rally at Madison Square Garden, seeing all those people doesn't mean he's going to win the race. But my point is it's discouraging that so many people would gather and rally to hate, to hate speech in America, that it's discouraging and it hurts. Oh my gosh, how did we get here? How did we get here? Well, of course. Where a stadium of people come to hate. Well, a different country, a different time. What we heard at that rally should be enough to shake folks awake because he's talking about you. All of you. All of you. He's talking about you. It's us. He's not going to be, he's not going to, you know, say, oh, you're with a white guy. I'm going to keep you from being deported. No, he's going to deport you and put the white guy with someone else. The man is out there. I sincerely hope their employers cover therapy on their health plans because they need it. And though I do find their wild outbursts and their lies to be laughable in the most pathetic way, it's really no laughing matter because people for whatever reason watch these shows and they listen to these people. Not only does calling Trump Hitler endanger his life, one that has hung in the balance at least twice in the last four months, but the way they're speaking about his supporters also puts us in danger by calling the MSG rally of thousands a Nazi rally or by alleging baselessly and disgustingly that Trump will put people in camps. These purposely misleading media hacks are giving their viewers and listeners license or excuse to attack verbally and physically the millions of Trump supporters in this country. This is not new. Of course, we remember Maxine Waters calling for Trump supporters to be targeted and driven out of public spaces after the victory in 2016. I've personally been physically assaulted for my outspoken support of Donald Trump, but I fear this go around will be worse. I know the left likes to conjure up images of January 6, but what they're stoking with their words and their rhetoric could very well make J six look like child's play. It's reckless and it's sick. If you're a Trump supporter, be proud of it, but keep your head on a swivel because this is no joke. And those are my final thoughts. Be sure to tune in tomorrow live at 1 p.m. Eastern. Catch full episodes of this show on Fox nation at your leisure. Please like and subscribe to our YouTube channel at Tommy Laron is fearless from Nashville. God bless and take care. Hey, thanks for watching. If you want more of my hottest takes must see conversations. And of course my final thoughts click here and make sure you subscribe here so you never miss a beat. I'll be here every weekday and I hope you'll join me.