 With just two weeks from the presidential election, the Biden-Harris administration is scrambling to hide the illegal immigration problem from the public's view, and is now shipping more migrants to Texas and Arizona from California. The Border Patrol facilities there are overwhelmed, and Border Patrol sources say that the situation has come to a point where they've had to consider releasing migrants onto the streets, but because of optics issues, they've decided to increase flights of migrants to Texas and buses to Yuma, Arizona. In addition, our sources at ISA say they have been pressured to ramp up deportations ahead of the election to increase the numbers of individuals being removed from the country. San Diego County Supervisor Jim Desmond called the move a blatant attempt by the Biden-Harris administration to protect their image before the election. San Diego has been the top sector for illegal crossings across the southern border, and has still been overwhelmed despite new restrictions by the Biden-Harris administration that have led to a downturn in illegal crossings. Border Patrol facilities in San Diego are operating above operational capacity, meaning that they have more migrants in custody than they can handle. Many migrants are choosing to go there because the Biden administration has instructed Border Patrol agents in San Diego to allow for more loopholes to their asylum restrictions that allows for migrants from more than 100 countries in the eastern hemisphere to get released because their home countries will not take them back. Now, the facilities in San Diego have about 1,200 individuals in custody operating at about 122% operational capacity. Now, in Texas, in the Rio Grande Valley, where Border Patrol is flying those migrants, they are operating at about 19% operational capacity. And in Yuma, where the buses are going, they are operating at about 51% operational capacity. Now, these buses and flights have been leaving San Diego with migrants for months, moving them to these other states. However, the flights and buses have increased in frequency, and the drop-offs have only continued as the need for the transports increases and as the Biden administration looks ahead of the election, sources say that this is the big motivator for this move to enhance the transports to decompress the area in San Diego and move migrants elsewhere where they'll be out of the public's view. For more stories like these, be sure to subscribe to The New York Post right here on YouTube.