 Hello everybody and welcome back to Red Eagle Politics. Make sure you guys like this video down below and subscribe to the channel if you are new. So today is Sunday, October 20th. We are two weeks and two days away from election day, but as many people know, early voting is underway in most swing states and that is true. Encourage people to get out and vote when they can. Make a plan to vote. Just make sure you end up voting. I will say that in Donald Trump today, and just really the whole weekend, he's been parked up in Pennsylvania. He did a rally yesterday. He's doing a town hall style rally right now. He worked at McDonald's as well. The optics with this guy, it's just, he keeps posting W's, but the big W that is make or break is on November 5th. And it's a little bit beforehand in some of these places and we have new data out of Nevada and Arizona. And we'll cover some of the other states, but I did want to focus in on these two because we've talked a lot about Pennsylvania, North Carolina, and Georgia, and where the early voting stands there. Now it's time we look at the Southwest and we kind of get a little bit of a big picture on what's going on in Arizona and Nevada. Two swing states, they're worth 17 electoral votes combined. Donald Trump would like to have those. Let's say he, you know, loses one of North Carolina or Georgia, which he's in a good position in both, but it's more security. You know, if he were to hypothetically lose Pennsylvania, wins these two states and then gets Wisconsin, he's in a position to win. So every single state matters, every swing state that is, and I encourage people to get out and vote. But first really quickly, have to tell you guys about my merch store. We have all these epic designs. We're running a special. You buy a tank top or t-shirt, you can get a coffee mug, 20% off. We've got great designs. We have great coffee mugs. We got the Trump iconic mug, my favorite. The bullet design on the front, the inspirational quote in the back, and you get free shipping on orders above $50. So check out the site. The link will be in the description and pin comment down below. But I will say Nevada, let's get into the data. It's been up on screen. We're now going to dive into it and what it means. So 2020, Democrats led the mail-in vote by 37 points in Nevada. They led the in-person vote by seven points in Nevada in terms of the early in-person. Obviously, election day is a lot more Republican than in the midterms, where Republicans did better. They barely lost the Senate race. They should have probably, if not for the snowstorm in Northern Nevada, that took place on election day. They should have been able to get it done. And they still won the in-person early vote, but not by much. They only won it by eight. But if you look at the Democrats, they won the mail-in vote, but they only won it by 23.4%. There was less mail, though, overall. And then you look at 2024, where Republicans now have an 18.7% advantage in the in-person early vote. They lead it in Clark County, which is absolutely huge. And keep in mind, as the election goes on, you are going to see more of the early vote. Typically, more of the early vote is Republican as it goes on. It's been that way this cycle in Pennsylvania, North Carolina, basically everywhere. Sometimes you'll have days where Democrats do a little bit better. Sometimes, you know, there will be an aberration in that trend. That's true. But largely, it starts off more Democratic, more hyper-Pens city, and it becomes more and more Republican as it goes on. But already, out of the gate, compared to the totals in 2020 and 2022, you're seeing a ridiculous shift on day one in Nevada. And it corresponds with what we've seen in party registration trends, party registration data, where Republicans are a lot of these new registrations, but also they're gaining registrations. People are flipping. They've cleaned out the voter rolls, et cetera. And Republicans are in a very, very good shape. It is early, but this is the first big data dropout in Nevada. All counties, Clark County mail is in, and it's not where they want it to be. And we're going to talk about Arizona, but it is true that the Oracle of Nevada is somebody who is kind of a little bit left leaning named John Ralston. And he correctly called the splits in 2022 that Lombardo would end up winning, but Laxalt would not end up winning. Although it is true that he did get Laxalt's victory in 2014 wrong. He's not perfect. He does have a slight bias. But, you know, he gets the state right more so than the polls in the state. Get the state right. And that's something that's important to take into consideration. And he's underestimated Trump by about a point, both election cycles. And he's got an audience that leans more left. And it's a little bit harder when you do that to say the cold, hard truth, but we have the latest update from him in particular. And it's not exactly all that friendly to the Democrats. So he says the early voting blog is updated. Democrats have a small lead and a lot of that is male. The entirety of the lead in every county comes from male. But Republicans are bullish because the lead was much bigger after one day in 2020. And then he says Clark County and their firewall is small and that needs to get bigger or Harris will be in trouble. The problem is, is that the later dumps typically end up being a little bit more and more Republican. Now could that change? Well, that would take something that we didn't see in 2020 or 2022 for it to change. And he's admitting that Republicans are bullish and Harris is in trouble. So he's not making his final prediction, but he sees the writing that's on the wall already out of the state of Nevada. And if you look at this a little bit further, he says which party cannibalizes their votes is one of the keys to the election. So whoever is, you know, turning out voters early, if those are voters that typically vote on election day, yeah, it's not going to make as much of a difference because the election day vote total is going to be smaller. But when you look at this, Democrats are the ones that are, you know, turning out their high propensity voters. The people that vote in every election that are Democrats at a higher rate, they are voting early than the Republicans. But the lower propensity voters, which Trump needs to turn out to win, they are unprecedentedly Republican and the advantage is sizable. It's that way in Virginia. It's that way in North Carolina already in the early data. We don't have data out of every single state. But one thing we do know is that Nevada as well as Arizona, we're seeing this. We're seeing it happen at a very, very big rate. And keep in mind, this is mail, by the way. These are the mail in voters, the mail in voters, not these, you know, early in person voters, which Republicans have a sizable advantage with. So Democrats, as a result, they're underperforming significantly among the mail. And you had a lot of these COVID only voters who voted by mail in 2020. And a lot of them are not voting, but you have these low propensity Trump voters, they are voting in very high rates so far. I know it's early, but still, and we could look at the polling out of Arizona, we'll start off with Nevada first, and then we'll get to Arizona. But you look at this, and it's like Donald Trump has a lead in the state of Nevada. And this point in history, Biden led by 5.2%. The polls underestimated Trump at this stage in the game in the state of Nevada. Now you do have outliers, it's true, it's a hard state to poll. But still, the fact is, is that the polls are close. And because of this realignment that we're seeing by education in this country, and who the low propensity voters are, you know, they're doing a 180. It's very possible that the polls are underestimating Donald Trump in Nevada. And it's very possible Clark County this cycle could end up being like a mini version of what we saw in Miami-Dade County, Florida last cycle in the Vegas area. And Trump making those, you know, outreaches to those service workers definitely has paid dividends and the Harris, you know, trying to steal Trump's policy thing kind of just blew up in her face a little bit. But you look at Arizona, Donald Trump, it's his best state in the polling in terms of these swing states. He leads 49 to 47. And the people that love to talk about the zone flooding conspiracy theory, where, oh no, the polls are just all Republican polls. The polls that are actually the ones that are less bullish on Trump are those Republican polls. Like Insider Advantage has Trump up by one. We polled it, we got like a statistical tie in Arizona. Atlas Intel showing a tie, even though they're not really partisan. Trafalgar only shows Trump up by two, but you look at CBS News, they have Trump up three. New York Times has Trump up by five in the state. It's like, yeah, this is a state that's going to be very difficult for Democrats to win, especially when you look at who's registering and where the new registrations are going and the Republicans have increased their net party registration advantage by like 220,000 since the 2020 election. And you know, a close number to that since the midterms as well. Now it's also true that there is a segment of the Republican electorate in the state of Arizona that is like the old guard McCain Republican that doesn't like Donald Trump. And probably doesn't vote for Donald Trump and probably never voted for Donald Trump. But these new registrations are not coming from those people by and large, which means that already you're seeing a ridiculous amount of these never voted before people vote. And Republicans have more than enough of an advantage where if these people voted in 2020, Trump would have taken the state of Arizona. And that is crucial. And when you see the early vote update, Republicans are in the lead. They put in data from the liberal counties and you know, Maricopa is in its 172 K to 141 K. It is early. And that is true. But people are out there and voting and Republicans have a sizable advantage. And usually the advantage grows as we get closer to the election. Usually the Democrats front load. And as a result, the Republicans have to make up ground and they've kind of failed to do that. A lot of people wait till election day. We saw 2022 and we saw 2020. Now more Republicans are banking their votes, which I think is good. You're going to have lines that are not going to be as long in 2020. And that's a good thing. But what is important to note is that when you look at this 31,000 vote discrepancy in favor of the Republicans, you want to look at what it was last cycle. Democrats had a sizable lead. They led by 100,000. In the midterms, their lead was not as big, but they still led by 13,000 at this stage in the game. Now Republicans lead by registered party by like 10%. They're the ones that are turning out, but also these newer voters who have never voted before that are joining Donald Trump and his movement. That's what's really accounting for this surge. While Democrats, the four out of four voter that votes in every single election, they call them four out of four voters. You know, they vote in the past two presidential elections, past two midterm elections. That type of voter is showing up on the Democrat side. The question is, is there enough of them and are the lower propensity Democrat voters turning out? And if they do, which way are they going to vote is another question because the lower propensity voter, regardless of party registration, has been moving towards Donald Trump over the past four years. And it's true. When you look at the Hispanic vote, for example, if Republicans do get like a five point improvement, which they can Arizona, it's already Trump's. If he has a slight improvement among white non-college voters, again, he expands his margin significantly. And even if he loses the, you know, white college graduate vote, he's going to have to lose a substantial amount of ground there for Harris to make that up. And a lot of those people that voted against Trump for one reason or another, they likely already voted against Donald Trump. He may even stop the bleeding with that demographic. I think among white college men, he's going to do better. I think he will lose some among white college women, but it's not going to be enough overall, especially with what we're seeing in some of the shifts. You know, putting Trump at 40 percent with the Spanish is kind of being a little bit generous to Kamala Harris, if anything, when you look at that. And it's very possible that Trump ends up taking the state by more than people expect if this holds. Now, Nevada is a little bit of an interesting state to look at. You have a very, very high working class population. And if Trump is able to improve among white working class voters by a few points, when again, that's a demographic Biden did well with. And Harris is from California. A lot of those people that are moving to Nevada are conservatives leaving California and kind of represent that demographic, too. Trump already out of the gate with a slight improvement wins. That doesn't even mention, oh, he could really change the game if he gets like 42 percent of Hispanic voters and does a little bit better with these working class like Filipino voters. There's a lot of room to grow. And even if he does lose with the white college vote, he's going to have to lose like 10 points of ground from 2020 on net for him to lose the state if he's making these gains. And I think that the data currently is showing that Harris is in a lot of trouble. She's not energizing voters. Donald Trump is. And the messaging is on Trump's side. The way the independents are breaking in every poll typically on Trump's side, because it is true which way are the independents going to go? They went for Trump in 2016 in a lot of places. Then they went for Biden, but narrowly in 2020 in a lot of places. Now you see a lot of those people kind of shifting towards Trump and Kamala Harris is not doing anything to win them over. And you're seeing it across the board. You're seeing it in every single swing state, Arizona, Nevada, the Sunbelt, the Rust Belt. It's all looking good for Trump. But people need to keep going and make sure that everybody gets out and votes because that's the only way that we win this thing. You can't take your foot off the gas. So anyways, guys, thanks for watching this video. Like this video down below. Comment down below. Subscribe to the channel. Hit the bell for notifications so you never miss another video. Follow me on social media. The links are all in the description down below and I will see you guys in the next one. Red Eagle out.