 But the new president of the council, another great friend of mine, is Paul Perez. And he joined, joined by a very highly respected man, Art Del Queto. Art Del Queto, vice president. And maybe we could ask them to come on up. We're also joined very proudly today by a large delegation of our nation's frontline border agents. These are incredible people. So let's show our appreciation for their unbelievable service to our country. America, I have a message for you. If we allow borders are Harris to win this election, every city, every community in this great country is going to go to hell. The untold millions of people, unvetted, who she has allowed into this country that are committing murders, rapes, robberies, burglaries, and every other crime will continue to put our country in peril. Only one man can fix that. That is Donald J. Trump. He has always stood with the men and women who protect this border, who put their lives on the line for the country, a man who knows about putting his life on the line for what is right. This November, we have a choice to make. To do the chaos, allow the criminal cartels to control the border, to allow drugs and fentanyl across our country, or put an end to it once and for all. On behalf of the 16,000 men and women represented by the National Board of Patrol Council, we strongly support and endorse Donald J. Trump for President of the United States. I've got to tell you, it was a little word. He got up, he had no notes. He didn't have a teleprompter. I can understand that. I don't use it too much either. And it is nice to have people that don't need teleprompters, isn't it? But he got up here and he had no notes. And you gave a perfect deal. I think we're going to all have to go back and say, that was a good job. Did he do a good job? Look at all these Border Patrol. Border Patrol, they're nice. They're great heroes. And I want to let you know, Paul, I want to just tell you, and everybody, all my friends, I have so many of them in this group. It's an incredible group of people. I will always stand with the incredible men and women of Border Patrol. And today I'm announcing a plan to address the shortage. You know, we have a tremendous shortage because they haven't been treated right. They want to do their jobs. You know, they considered bad treatment when you're not allowed to do your job. And that's the biggest problem. They don't want people running in front of them. They want to stop them from coming in. And that's going to save a lot of people, including the people they're stopping. But to address the shortage of Border Patrol agents caused by the catastrophic failures of Kamala, our great borders are, who's the worst in history. We have a tremendous morale crisis because of her and her policies. Think of it. Not one of the leaders, you have all the leaders up here, you have all the leaders in the room. You have Brandon right over there, who's a leader for a long time, brilliantly the leader. Never got a call from them. Not Biden. He was sleeping. And not her. No, not her. She never called. Never once. I saw this. I didn't ask them. I saw this. And a reporter asked Paul, have you ever been called? No, I haven't. How can you do that? Most important thing, it's the fabric and lifeblood of our country and they're destroying our country. And they never. And these are the people in charge. So there's a big morale problem. And she ruined the jobs of a lot of these border agents. They went after people. Remember with the horses. Do you remember that? Do you remember that? That was a terrible thing. It turned out that they were totally wrong. But they went after a lot of other people, very innocent people. They go after those people, but they don't go after the criminals that are coming in to kill. They don't go after them. So in order to meet the goal of hiring 10,000 new agents, we need the agents. We have to we need them badly and keeping our incredible veteran agents on the force. Don't leave us. Raise your right hand. You're not going to leave. You're not going to leave. Don't leave us. I don't have to worry about that. They're very committed people. If we paid them nothing, they'd not leave it. They want to save our country. They're going to save our country. But after I win, I will be asking Congress immediately to approve a 10 percent raise. I haven't had one in a long time for all agents and a ten thousand dollar each retention and signing bonus. So we're going to we're going to retain them. We're going to retain them. It's almost like being a great baseball player, a football player, but not quite as much money, but not bad. Right. Now we're going to retain them and they deserve it. They've been treated unbelievably badly. And the fact that they continue and you don't hear they're going out on strike, they're going to this day don't do that. They would never do it. They're just incredible people. This will ensure that we can hire and keep the Border Patrol agents that we need to keep. And we can also bring in a lot of new ones, really great ones. And we're going to we're going to have our choice. I think we're going to have a choice. It's going to be a whole new spirit. This is a group that really needs spirit because they're protecting us, they're protecting our lives, they're protecting our country. So we're going to be doing that. And while you guys are up here, I also want to introduce the a great guy and a very big man in the world of law enforcement, national president of the Fraternal Order of Police Patrick Yost, representing 400000 law enforcement, largest in the country by far law enforcement officers. And I'm truly honored to have their endorsement as well. Patrick, thank you. Wherever you may be. Thank you, Patrick. That's really nice. I'd have you up here, but I don't think secret service will allow anybody to get through this. It's gotten a little tight. That's good. That's supposed to be that way. Patrick, thank you. 400000. Wow. That's great. I think we have every law enforcement group in the United States, the sheriffs. They're incredible people and they really do. It's easier for them not to do their job. They want to work like hell and they want to clean out our country and straighten out our country. And we want to have people in our country that love our country. They love our country. And we're going to have. And despite all of the damage that Kamala has inflicted on the state and, you know, don't forget, she's the vice president. But Joe gave her the assignment. And so I don't even mention his name. I'm not even sure what what is he doing? Although, although he's looked very good lately, he's looked because he's he's looked better than her, actually. Now, I've always said I'm not a big fan of his, as you probably have heard, but he's superior to her. He's more intelligent than she is. Can you believe you ever think you'd be hearing that? I mean, but she said last week that she can't think of one thing that she would do differently. Not one thing she think of it. Not one thing. So, fellas, you stay up here, just look at this one tape and then you go back and enjoy it. But I just want to tell you, you are phenomenal people. We love you all. And you're doing a great job for our country. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Would you have done something differently than President Biden during the past four years? There is not a thing that comes to mind. I stood there on the tarmac watching you check your watch. The chaotic and deadly US evacuation from Afghanistan stunned Americans and the world and cost the lives of 13 US soldiers. Would you have done something differently? There is not a thing that comes to mind. More than 13,000 illegal immigrants convicted of murder have been caught at the border and then released into the United States. The Afghan National is in custody today after being accused of plotting an election-paid terrorist attack. The suspect entered the US on a special immigrant visa. Scott Frenching new details on the murder of Georgia nursing student Lake Idriley. The illegal immigrant suspect who cops say committed the heinous murder is a Venezuelan national who crossed the unsecured southern border back in 2022. Two men investigators say are in the country illegally from Venezuela are charged with capital murder and the death of Jocelyn Nunnaray. A fifth illegal immigrant accused of attacking two New York City police officers over the weekend showed no remorse or regret. Would you have done something differently? There is not a thing that comes to mind. Really? 18% say the economy is in excellent or good condition. US inflation has hit a new 40 year high, increasing by 9.1% over the financial year. The cost of homes have spiked. Homebuyers need to earn 80% more than they did in 2020 to afford a house. Were you the last person in the room? Yes. Wonderful. Thank you.