 After years of being a Republican stronghold, Arizona is now one of the most fiercely contested swing states. Joe Biden won it by just over 10,000 votes in 2020. 2024 looks like being just as close and contentious. It's become very divisive and the sad thought about it when I watch it is I see friends lose friendships over it. And the last one, there was people that lost friendships that I know that they never became friends again after the election and this one looks worse. Graham Rogers is an ex-pat Kiwi who runs a support group for Kiwis and Aussies who live in Arizona. At the group's get together in suburban Phoenix this week, he told me one of the big issues defining the election this time in Arizona is illegal immigration. We are on the border and I'm all for immigration. I'm an immigrant, right? I'm all for legal immigration and I think we need to come up in this country with a better system for people but right now it's a free for all and I think Arizonans are getting a little frustrated with that. Well, it's a bit of a strange move to come to an Irish pub in Phoenix, Arizona to talk to Kiwis about the US election but it's been fascinating and what's clear is that even here things are just as divided as they are in the national polls. I mean Trump is all doom and gloom. He's telling us that the country, we've lost the American dream. Now he's on about Puerto Rico and being a garbage can. So he is doom and gloom all the time, like everything's bad. Susan Cuthfoot came out to the US 14 years ago and is planning to vote for Harrison this election. She's for everybody, like there's no division with her. She doesn't mind which party you're in. She's for all Americans. She's for all genders, all religions, all race. She's not a racist and she's amazing. But sitting just a few seats away was Australian Adrian Whiteside who was adamant that Trump is the best option. This year I'm going to be voting for Trump again. I voted for him the previous time he ran. Just I think he's a businessman. He's not a politician and I think he knows what the country needs to get it back on track. Leslie Hoosa is a nurse who left New Zealand back in 1993. She's taken personal offence over Donald Trump's criticism of some migrant groups and she concedes she could head back to New Zealand if he wins. Are you optimistic about the future? I just kind of wait and see and I probably will not stay here. If Trump wins. Later this week on Thursday, Halloween and the US both candidates will hold rallies in Phoenix and make their final pitches. In Phoenix, Corin Dan.