 out a decision 2024. Both presidential candidates will be in the valley tomorrow to make their final pitch to swing state voters comes after the candidates and their surrogates made several appearances across the state over the past few months. That's right. But how big of a difference could these campaign stops make just days out from the election? 12 news journalist Bianca Bono talked to a political expert to find out. Not only will both candidates be here in Arizona, there'll be less than six miles apart. It's fairly unprecedented to have both candidates in the state on the same day. So it will be an unprecedented Halloween in the valley as both presidential candidates hope for treats in the form of votes five days before the election. It'll be interesting to see if there are some coattails to these visits because Halloween is a bit of a tough day. A lot of people are busy doing other things. Paul Ben says the senior vice president of research and strategy at high ground public affairs weighing in on the decision by both former president Donald Trump and vice president Kamala Harris to spend one of the final days of their campaigns stumping in the valley. How effective are these rallies in the final days leading up to the election? About 1.8 million ballots have been returned so far in the election, but we are anticipating about three million total voters plus to show up. That means there's a million folks who have not returned a ballot yet that are either going to drop it off in the next few days or vote on election day. Do you think there's a big chunk of Arizona voters who are still undecided at this point? I think there's probably a bigger chunk of Arizonans that are likely to just not vote at all. And it's those voters. Bents believes Harrison Trump are trying to court now. He says history has shown that both Democrats and Republicans have seen the skills tipped in Arizona in the week leading up to election day, and he believes that's exactly why the campaigns are still vying for valley voters. In 2018 they were able to do that. We saw Martha McSally with the narrow lead when the first ballots were dropped and then we saw Kyrsten Sinema come back. We've seen it more recently in the last in the last presidential election. Biden started out with a pretty sizable lead that narrowed as we got closer to the election as more ballots were counted as more ballots went for Trump. So there's actually a reason for both sides to use history to demonstrate that these last minute ballots, these drop off voters, these people that are going to show up, they are essential because they can make a difference in these really narrow races. Harris's visit to talking stick resort. Amphitheater is set for the early afternoon while Trump is expected here at Desert Diamond Arena in the evening. We're in the West Valley. Bianca Bono 12 News.