 giving that polling, do you feel like the race is slipping away? I do not. I think certainly polling is a measure but to be frank if I listened to polls I would have never run for my first or second office. I wouldn't be here talking with you. And what I am seeing are in states such as South Carolina, I mean North Carolina, Georgia, historic turnout, historic turnout. Vice President Harris says she is not losing momentum in the race for the White House with just a week until election day. The final Fox News Power Rankings forecasting a toss-up overall and Karl Rove is here and Bill Hemmer is at the board. Hey Karl, good morning to you. I want to tell you what we're doing up here in New York. Okay so this is the path to 270. Yesterday at this time we had her at 225, we had Trump at 219. However with our power ranks that came out earlier today we believe Arizona is leaning Republican now. So for the course of this exercise we're going to go ahead and give Arizona to Trump which puts him at 230. Karl yesterday Michael Watley who has the RNC told Dana and me that he believes on election day there'll be a head in Arizona, there'll be a head in Nevada, and there'll be a head in North Carolina. Alright if that's the case Trump's at 252. Under that scenario he would not have to win Georgia. He could go up to Pennsylvania and capture the 19 electoral votes that would put him at 271. Karl I just want you to weigh in on what we're seeing and I'll go ahead and reset this map here. So to you now Karl. Well look it's going to be absolutely close as you say. Arizona appears to be his best state but and North Carolina appears to be going their way. More Republicans are voting and early voting than our Democrats but the state has a very large group of unaffiliated independent voters. We don't know exactly how they're voting but it's going to be close because as you say if he wins Georgia the race is over. If he wins Pennsylvania loses Georgia the race is over because if he does take Nevada, Arizona, and North Carolina it gets him within basically one of the 15 you know either one of the 15 or 15 or 19 state electoral votes. Michigan, Georgia 16, Pennsylvania 19 any one of them puts them over the top. The New York Times, Karl, Karl Floyd for one here. This is the headline. Harris aides quietly grow more bullish on defeating Trump. Is that spin or do they believe it? Well they better believe it. You know if it's spin it's a sign of something but look each side has a reason to believe they can do this because the race is so close. Take a look at this we're talking about three-tenths of a percent if you average if you look at some of these aggregate averages in in battleground states. There's seven tenths of a percent separating the two candidates. A better quality ground game by one side or the other can more than make up for that and we've got plenty of time between now and the election day for the four or five percent to split one way or the other and they will split one way or other maybe a small tilt to one side but when we're this close in the seven battleground states moving one direction or another. For example look think about it four percent of the population of the voters of pennsylvania are Puerto Rican. How do you think they're reacting today about the comment at the rally by the comic in Madison Square Garden on Sunday? I mean this is how little things can have a big impact in a race this close. And he's headed there later today and he could address that also. Karl the other thing I'm just like listening to the commentary on the on the on the Harris side and you know what I'm picking up is they don't feel very good about North Carolina okay so I'm going to go ahead and put that in the red column. Nonetheless okay and look I mean Trump's not going to the door 246 still this blue wall was still up there right so if she holds on in Wisconsin which historically is a really close state by the way we're going to show that on election night and if she holds on to Michigan and holds on to Pennsylvania and then picks up that electoral vote in in Omaha she can win despite the strength of Trump in Nevada Arizona North Carolina and even Georgia I mean that would be something a week from tonight Karl. Yeah absolutely and look if I were there I might worry less about the polls and more about the closing message. I think she made a big mistake by engaging on the issue of John Kelly's comments about Donald Trump being a fascist. She basically spent two days talking about that and that's not a winning issue for her. Everybody who already thinks that or who will be who will be touched by that is already in her camp. The problem she's got is that she's been a presidential candidate for less than three months and the American people are saying do I know enough about you to feel comfortable putting you in the Oval Office behind the resolute desk for the next four years. So a better line for her is he's going to come with an enemies list but I'm going to come with a to-do list and I'm going to spend most of my time talking about what that to-do list consists of. She made a mistake if the campaign really does believe that they've made a big step forward by emphasizing the fascist comment. Look and I get the hypocrisy of it. Trump has been calling her a fascist for weeks so now he's whining saying she's calling me a fascist. Well that is not a winning issue for her. It's not a winning issue for him but the American people the small group of them who are up for grabs in this election want to know what are you going to do to make my life better for the next four years. Yeah since May of 21 we check today voters have told pollsters that the economy and inflation is their number one issue and I think everyone should just close on that tell us what they're going to do. Karl Rove thanks good to have you. I'm Steve Ducey. I'm Brian Kilmeade. And I'm Ainsley Earhart and click here to subscribe to the Fox News YouTube page to catch our hottest interviews and most compelling analysis.