 We're talking politics because we're now 11 days away from the presidential election with the candidates mostly focusing on those battleground states. Yeah, that's right. But former President Donald Trump is also focused on flipping New York and planning a rally at Madison Square Garden this weekend. Good day's Brielle Thomasetti outside the world's most famous arena, MSG, with the very latest. Brielle, what's happening? Yeah, Dennet to Shawnee, good morning to both of you. And as you mentioned, both candidates are spending their final days mainly campaigning in swing states. But former President Donald Trump making an interesting move holding a massive rally here at Madison Square Garden over the weekend. Trump has long said he believes he can win New York even though he lost the state in the last two elections by more than 20 percentage points. It was a star-studded night in Georgia with Vice President Kamala Harris appearing for the first time on the campaign trail with former President Barack Obama. We've got a candidate to vote for in this election who demonstrates that kind of character, who knows what real strength looks like, who will set a good example and do the right thing. During her rally in the Peach State, Harris also brought out Samuel L. Jackson's Spike Lee. And I believe in the promised land. And the boss, Bruce Springsteen. We are going to win because we together are fighting for the future. Harris is hoping the added star power will help galvanize voters with a Marist poll showing her tied with former President Donald Trump in Georgia. To the hills of Tennessee. Yesterday, Trump traveled west to campaign in the swing state of Arizona where he has a slight lead over Harris. There he took aim at the Biden administration's immigration policies before heading to another rally in Las Vegas. And my message today is very simple. Kamala's migrant invasion given to us through gross incompetence disqualifies her from even thinking about being president. We can't let that happen. Earlier in the day, during an interview with conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt, Trump said he would get rid of special counsel Jack Smith right away if he wins the White House. Smith has charged the former president over his efforts to overturn the 2020 election and his mishandling of classified documents. It's so easy. I would try to have within two seconds. And today, Beyonce is expected to campaign alongside VP Harris in her hometown of Houston, Texas. Harris is heavily favored to win New York, the Empire State. But Trump was just endorsed by the post only this morning. For now, we're live here, though, outside MSG. Dan Tashani, back to you. All right. It's go time, Brielle. Thank you for that report.