 Welcome to outspoken with Bruce and gano. So tell number two my friend. Oh You know the internet is abuzz our number two the best This is gonna be a big hour because some of you are on the roads and for some of you It's gonna become a bit of a nightmare. Oh, we've got the vice president and her new running mate Yeah landing in the valley Probably about 40 minutes. They are landing at Sky Harbor, right? Is that I believe they are yes I mean there are airports out on the west side. I'm just saying so if you're on the highways Chuck is here. He's gonna help you get from point A to point B and possibly a detour in there So stick around for that. Okay, so Harris and walls They're gonna have their big rally sometime tomorrow looks like later at late afternoon probably in a forest Okay, and it's a big rally. It's gonna be at somewhere indoors I think a lot of people are gonna be there. I think they what's gonna be at the coyotes arena wherever Desert diamond arena is what it's now is that where the coyotes played? That's where they played at Well, you said the coyotes are not thought that was the mullet So you know I've been doing this for a long time Yeah I mean we've been doing the show together for less than a year, but you know we've been in radio forever Okay doing talking about politics every once in a while you and I have been asked a question over the last 48 hours That we've never been asked before never never never I've been sitting in this chair for 26 years this month I've never been asked this question You want to take a guess what the question is Bruce has never been asked this question Um it's it's about I have no clue I can't imagine about Harris It's about her rally So go ahead Bruce. Oh Did you have it? I think I know what? Can you get me a meet-and-greet? Close can you get tickets? Can you get me tickets? Can you get me? I've never had anyone ask me to get into a political rally now when I worked in the music But you and I know this Beccalane. Can you get me tickets to George Strait? Yeah Can you get me tickets to see Taylor? Yeah, I get all that. I've never ever ever ever ever been asked for any Politician could you get tickets to go and see them? Yeah, when Trump was pulling big rallies here in 2015 and 2016 and even 2020 No one ever asked me. Hey, can you help me get in? Yeah? No need a ticket per se you just you need There early and you need like register No, no, no, no, no, no, no, you have to register. Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah, they don't and here's the reason they don't want Let's say you're a Democrat. Let's say that well what's happening in Glendale tomorrow. They don't want Republicans or Trump folks showing up and and and wearing their Harris shirt That's a good point. And then getting in and then ruining it all point So people have to register to get in and so even McCain running for president or it never matter No one has ever come. I'm not a Democrat. Don't ask me. I don't how am I supposed to get a ticket? I don't have any in this. I'm not a Republican either. I don't know we cover and we will have someone there I think that's the thinking we definitely will have reporters there. Yes. Yeah, absolutely So I'm like I don't I don't know. I don't know I'll just say this I don't I don't want to know politicians I don't want to have their phone numbers I don't want to be friends with them because if they have to come on this show, I'm not bringing friends on my show I don't want to do that. I don't that's not how I do things like Bruce knows this I won't take a picture with a politician unless it's Jan Brewer because she's Jan Brewer Fan I know I don't go to the I've never been to one of these things. I have no desire to go I don't think I I might have covered one at some point Credentials you can't just go walk in There's a much deeper question so Bruce and I have been asked hey, do you know anybody who can get us into the Harris event? Can you hook us up? Yeah, there's something deeper there. Mm-hmm. She's creating excitement You don't have to like her Maybe you do maybe you don't she's creating some sort of hope I think a lot of Democrats are much more hopeful now than they were without a doubt They nobody's going to see Joe Biden go well I like I'd like to go and see it because I want to see how many mistakes he makes while he's on stage And if he can actually find his way off the stage, that's terrible I tease the president, but I think there is something. I don't know you would call it something in the air about her I'm not a big fan. I've never been a big fan of Harris. Yeah But there's there's I don't know if there's something about her that's drawing people in or it's Biden's not here. We don't care. We just want anybody else. He's a breath of fresh air Biden at this point. Yeah this maybe you're right I can't imagine that people that that are asking to and will be going to the Harris rally right tomorrow Just hate Joe, but like I don't Not hate or even well, I'm just I'm just here because it's not Joe Biden No, I think they're there because it's her but are you excited about her or you excited? Because Biden's not in the race and you really don't care who else it is You just want you want a live person who can actually speak? Or or as we said now, I think this is getting a little out of hand. Okay is Kamala Obama 2.0 nothing to do with skin color. That's not what we're talking about We're talking about the open change talking about the excitement and all that She's not an order or to her like like he was or is it's not even close. That's for sure No, and to be honest in 2015 Donald Trump Donald Trump had a he had blue collar people a billionaire had blue collar people coming out and he found a way To speak to them and and get through to them And so I don't you think she's speaking to and getting through to a different group that I can't like they haven't been talked I can't put my finger on what I'm just saying I just think it's odd and and it's never ever happened where someone's asked. Can I hook them up with tickets to? Something other than music Really do believe it's the energy that energy level ever since that change the change happened has been Unlike anything we have seen in a long time. What is it? It's just say anything that makes me go. Oh my gosh She's fantastic. It's because again for a breath of fresh air she Younger she's not that young but she appears younger she actually when you're grading on a curve, right? She's a heck of a lot younger And and okay, she the energy I really do believe she bounds up the steps. Okay, that smile on her Yes, this okay. How are you the most unpopular vice president in the history of the United States when it comes to polling? Or everyone since they started it, which is a true. That's a fact and then all of a sudden You get you you get catapulted into a presidential race and everybody is Just like oh my gosh, you can't get enough. But let me just tell you this This is not popular unpopular I'm not I'm not doing that this popular unpopular thing is irrelevant anymore Whenever you're elected you are immediately the least popular Insert this ever until the next guy comes along and he's the least popular We've just entered this world of I hate them why cuz they're not on my team Well, and they're horrible. Well, what do you know about them? Nothing? They just have a deer in our next name and that's why I don't like but I think what gate us is talking about Is that even people who voted for Biden? We're not know we're not crazy about Harris as the vice president Well, she wasn't impressive. No, she hasn't been impressive in three years And she does seem to have trouble with speaking Extemporaneously, right? I mean right and I'm not denying the fact that right now At this very second. Mm-hmm. She's lightning in a bottle. Absolutely. I'm not denying that so it's odd But I don't know why and I don't know that maybe it's five different things or one. It's one different thing It's very interesting to watch and if you're watching Donald Trump Donald Trump doesn't know what to do He's got no idea what to do. He's flailing all over the place He can't figure anything city today He said he has he had more people than MLK for the big speech. Hold on. He doesn't know what to do He said he heard bad things about Kamala Harris while in a helicopter crash With Willie Brown a hard land helicopter crash really? Willie Brown just put out a statement. I have never been in a helicopter with Donald Trump in my life The fuckiest idea what he's talking about. Yeah, I maybe it is Okay, is it I don't know. I think the younger age is just so big it's it is for me. It's like, okay good Let's get somebody younger. We got two old geezers that are running. They've had their best days are behind them I've heard I've heard it described as a sugar high Right the Democrats and D's are on a sugar high Okay, so when's it wear off? I don't think it's worn off yet. Yeah, it's been two weeks, right? No, it's been longer than that Hasn't it? No, it's a day two weeks ago. What's the date that Biden stepped down Nick? Look at that 17 days. Yeah, it was on a Sunday, right and she was the she wasn't even officially running and you know How many days let's find that? All right. Here we go. Here was the 21st Okay of July. So what's what's the date? She's I mean it just feels just over two weeks so the 21st Yeah, Monday would have been Monday this Monday would have been exactly two weeks Biden stepped down on Sunday and then Monday kind of came the she's running Night. It's like 19 days. It feels like a lot Okay, I counted the days. All right Yeah, I mean it's an interesting question because a lot of people said we should know what she's doing. She was a terrible vice president Okay. Okay, but why why are people going on? Why are people? Why do people want to show up for an event that she's at not everybody wants to go to one of these events and This thing I mean people want in droves want to go to this in my life I've never wanted to go to one and I never will I don't like politicians and I don't I don't put them on a pedestal Okay, but it's interesting by the way, I hear she might be laying to get Luke. Oh Somebody I got a I got a I got a text at six twenty six twenty Said I heard they might be landing at Luke which would make more sense because it'd be a lot shorter shorter distance Over to the arena and it would not hopefully completely destroy traffic. Yes. Thank you. Okay Thanks for watching outspoken with Bruce and gaitos tap to watch more from KTR news and click the button in the middle to subscribe