 Special Election Week coverage, KTA our news on air online on the KTA our news app tomorrow Join us for all day election coverage live and local and we'll be not only on air online on the KTA our news app But I believe we were streaming a bunch of tomorrow's programming on the tube Joe We will be kicking it off the YouTube And so we're looking forward to that Joining us from ABC News their political analyst to Steve Roberts and Steve always great to have you on I was curious about your your take we were discussing polls here a moment ago Florida isn't the swing state that it was two plus decades ago But Pennsylvania looks like it's gonna be the Keystone State. That's a joke. I keep telling Is it is is that the case is Pennsylvania the new Florida Steve Roberts? Yeah, it is as that's well said and you can tell That both campaigns believe that too Kamala Harris has spent her entire day In Pennsylvania. She hadn't gone anywhere else and if you go back to Saturday night live skit on Saturday night when Kamala Harris did a cameo on SNL and she was talking to Maya Rudolph the actor who plays her on the show And Harris turns to Rudolph and said you don't vote in Pennsylvania. Do you? So It was a and Trump of course that made one stop in Pennsylvania as well And the analogy to Florida is potentially Pretty accurate, but let's remember why Florida became such a key state 24 years ago First of all, it was winner take all whoever won that state won the presidency. Secondly, it was enormously close 537 votes Separated the two candidates core and force out of almost six million 537 out of almost six million. So But the difference is in some ways Are even more telling today you have the internet you have endless conspiracy theories rocketing around the internet You have had years of Donald Trump Saying to voters that the only way he could use lose is to is for the other side to cheat And you have both sides portraying this Election as the apocalypse that if the other side wins, you know democracies in peril and America is doomed And so the stakes are much higher. Nobody thought in 2000 gee if al gore wins or george bush wins, it's you know, it's the end of democracies. We know it, right? And it wasn't anything like that same exaggerated sense of Of how important this is. So that means emotions are so much higher and it also means that because 24 years later people have been preparing for something like this for a long time. There are squads of lawyers I'm sure you've right there in in Arizona. There are enormous number of people lawyers election monitors of different kinds poised To go to the polls poised to challenge votes poised to make a fuss if they say anything That seems to miss so the stakes are far higher than they were 24 years ago Steve Roberts our abc news political analyst in dc You you made mention of the lawsuits and all the lawyers It seems like when when the election is close lawyers stand to make a boatload of money who's paying for these lawyers? Who's doing that? Where does that come from? I I assume it's coming out of the campaign funds to start with or you know Maybe they they go out and raise money. You better remember that In florida, it took a full month actually even a little more than a month between election day and the supreme court finally Settling that race in favor of president bush. So You know that's enough time to raise money and you can raise money pretty quickly If you say, you know, the world is coming to an end send money, you know, that's true ABC news political analyst steve roberts joins us from washington dc steve with the polls tightening there in pennsylvania You mentioned that you expect some litigation What would that scenario look like what happens if pennsylvania is within a thousand votes similar to how florida was back in 2000 for bush v gore? well, you know my best guess would be that uh, Both sides are going to be looking for any hint of irregularity and look In every election there are always some glitches. This is never a perfect process, right? But most of the time it doesn't matter because most of the time elections are fairly decisive So, you know 100 votes one way or another who cares? But if it's as close as it could be You're going to have people Challenging votes in different ways and that could be in the courts. It could be other Procedures that have been set up to challenge votes It could be a real mess and um And it can get very angry and because the stakes are so high Now in addition to and it's also true that the polls show That while harris seems to be broadening her lead nationally The new york times poll out this morning I'm, i'm, sorry the abc poll this morning said she had a three-point lead nationally, but in pennsylvania. It was virtually tied Uh, and the other factor to keep your eye on That helps trump the most important number in that abc poll in my view is 74 That's the percentage of americans who say the country's headed in the wrong direction And from the very beginning of this election cycle with all of the turmoil with all the twists and turns And biden pulling out and harris stepping in and trump getting shot The basic structure of this election has not really changed very much and the most important fact from beginning to end Has been the uh number of americans in in arizona and everywhere else who say they're unhappy with Prices they're unhappy with inflation. They're unhappy in a larger sense with those of the hangover from um the covid years and When 74 of the country says the country's headed in the wrong direction You want to be the change candidate? And it's very very difficult to be an incumbent vice president and be a candidate for change And that is the single most important fact in this election. Steve roberts from abc news joins, uh chris and I And steve we've been talking a lot about the polls the last few weeks the last few months because we don't have Uh the election day poll in front of us yet, but over the weekend Des Moines register media com poll from iowa Showed vice president harris actually leading over former president trump in iowa by a few percent How credible do you find all of these different polls to be and and that one specifically from over the weekend? Do you actually think that iowa could be in play for for harris? I doubt it, you know, that's why we look at averages of Dozens of national polls because any one poll can be an outlier now The the woman who runs that poll is a very well respected professional pollster And she pointed out that in her two previous polls in the two previous elections. She accurately uh Uh documented trump's lead in iowa So it's not as if she has a record of favoring democrats or somehow skewing her models Uh in any way, uh, and you got to read the one thing that you got to remember That this year, uh, that in some ways one of the most interesting developments Is how significant education has become? As a variable for determining or indicating how people are likely to vote historically the democrats are the party the little guy the working Man the republicans were the country called, you know wall street rich set that's flipped on its head and today The more educated someone is the more likely they are to vote democratic Iowa is the most educated state in the country. It has the highest literacy rate of any state in the country So if in fact that poll has some validity That's what you have to look for is the explanation is the education level of people in iowa I would add one other thing that I mentioned a number of issues that I think are working for trump But there's one that's very important to keep your eye on for your listeners to keep your eye on And that's the percentage of people who vote who are women Historically, there's been a gender gap now in this country for 50 years and And in most years the about 52 percent of the electorate's been women about 48 men It's now creeping up this year. It could be 53 and a half percent of the electorate are women And given the fact that harris is running so strongly with women voters That's a figure to keep your eye on because if she can maximize The uh the number of women who turn out that's a big plus for her Steve roberts abc news political analyst in washington dc steve chris and I will be watching all of this Thank you so much for your analysis Anytime i'll be on election night with the abc coverage tomorrow night And if you guys if I can help you guys out you let me know sure will. Thanks. Steve. Appreciate it Thanks for watching the christen joe show Click to see more from christen joe and tap the button in the middle to subscribe to ktar news