 Some Sheriff Daniels is back with us today for those who don't remember Sheriff Daniels. Retell that story for us on because we know about the two highlighted now assassination attempts, the one that apparently happened over the weekend, the one in July and Butler, but close call possibly. Guy was arrested, right? Tell us the story from Arizona. Well, good afternoon, Connell, to all your viewers. So when President Trump visited Cochise County about three weeks ago, I think now maybe a month ago, we had two days before his arrival, we had an individual go onto social media and made threats to harm President Trump. Comments of such I will miss as they did in Pennsylvania. So these are these are viable threats to us and law enforcement. So my team worked digitally for like 72 hours to bring this guy into custody. He still sits in my jail today because and we worked with the Secret Service. We notified him right away. He's what we got. But my team did an extra amount of work to make sure we got him into custody and make sure that event was safe. All right. And then he ended up being arrested and charged with. Right now he's in there for threats. He's also had numerous warrants. He, again, a repetitive criminal had a lot of charges for him. So he's holding them right down. The major charges we just wrapped up the investigation as of Friday, believe it or not, getting the report well done. So the attorney will assess that and we'll add as at charges as needed. You mentioned working with the Secret Service on that day. President Trump, who's August 22nd, said he wasn't made aware of the whole thing. Here's what he said then. I haven't heard about that. They probably want to keep it from me. Thank you for telling me. Let's get out of here right now. No, thank you very much for saying. But no, and I have great respect for Secret Service. The job they do. What would you say about your own experience working back and forth and especially the communication with the Secret Service on that day? Well, several weeks before, kind of before President Trump came in, we had Senator Vance come here. And so one of the things we learned from that visit and many other visits we've had is we have to enhance our communication because in the day it's about protecting the community. Secret Service protects the event. Excuse me, the event, primarily the VIP, in this case President Trump, we protect the entire event and the community. So we have to be talking. We have to be sharing communication. Some of the failures you've seen around the country is because of that. So we enhance that here. But again, we have to share each other's authorities. At the end of the day, it's all about the communities and the people we protect. Did that go well or not well? It had misses, I would just say. We don't see things as the Secret Service sees things. Even here, we did ours. My team led that charge to identify this individual, made the threats. Once we had them identified and we're going after them, that's when Secret Service reengaged with us. And again, we look at it different. I don't need a headline in this county like the sheriff spoke on the recent threat there in Florida. We do everything we can to make sure our citizens are protected and to include the guests that come visit us. Yeah, in Florida, that's where he lives, right? The former president of Palm Beach County. So what were your thoughts about how, you know, looking in from the outside, knowing this as your own personal experience was in the backdrop? What did you think yesterday? Well, again, kudos to that sheriff, too. He saw it. Obviously, that's a resident of his county. And he was very proactive. You can tell he knew what they were doing when they went into it. They stopped the threat. They worked along with Secret Service. Kudos to that agent from Secret Service that spotted him. Everybody was vigilant. Everybody working together. And they took a bad person into custody. That's what it's all about. And beyond. And also, I'll say this to you, Connell National Sheriff's Association. America's sheriffs are working very hard to make sure we have good policies in our communities that people like President Trump, President Biden, whoever maybe come to our communities that we're going to do it together and collectively. Well, that part of it did seem to be a little better in this case, not only Palm Beach County, but Martin County into the north where they communicated. And by the way, thank goodness for this witness. Did you see that? It took the picture of the car, the license plate. I mean, it just has a final thought. In this case, and I'm sure you've seen cases like this in your career, they don't get the guy, at least not right away without the witness. I mean, that's what led them to the car. Yeah, kudos that system for doing what's right. And even the case here in Cochise County when President Trump was here, we couldn't find him the night before. We've been looking for him, the guy that made the threat against President Trump. We put that and we made a decision. I approved it to put that out to the public here in Cochise County, which does a couple of things. It engages my community to find him and see him and call 911, but also lets him know that we're not messing with them. You come on the public. We're going to spot you. So kudos that system. Because he took off up 95. I think it was, you know, 45 minutes or so maybe or about that. And but since they knew who they were looking for in the car, they were able to find him. Thank you for your perspective, especially we thought of this story because we had talked to you about at the time. Thanks as always, Sheriff Daniels, joining us from Cochise County, Arizona. Thanks so much for watching. Just go to join NN.com to find News Nation on your television provider. And don't forget to click the red subscribe button below to get more of News Nation's fact driven unbiased coverage.