 Okay, we're getting closer and closer and closer. We're in the final stretch a week and a few days. A lot of people have already voted. I think the one thing I would say, you know, take a caution in looking at each individual poll, particularly if it kind of moves in one direction or another. I don't think there's a lot of movement out there. I think it's pretty much still. I think it's baked in, I think in our numbers, when we looked at these most recent three states of North Carolina, Georgia and Arizona. They're all too close to call. They're all within the margin of error. I don't think it makes much sense to start just splicing and dicing them to see, you know, underlying trends in the closing hours. I don't think we see that because, frankly, there's very few undecided voters and very few people who tell us they're gonna vote differently or even considering voting differently. So I think it's all about the mobilization and potentially the ground game in terms of getting your supporters to the polls either early or on election day itself. So I think that's a whole bunch of what we're seeing there. You know, the issues may be taking a little bit backseat right now to the personalities of the candidates and to Donald Trump, Kamala Harris, who they are, your reaction to them, and then ultimately whether you're supporting one or the other. This is not a double-hater situation where we had with Trump and Hillary Clinton, for example, in 2016 and that tip to Trump in the end, even though people thought that was the lesser of two evils. The Trump people like Donald Trump and the Harris people like Kamala Harris. And it's a question of, as I say, mobilization and getting folks to turn out. I wanted to point out one thing, which is a very interesting dynamic in the states of Arizona and in North Carolina because there's other very important races in there. So let me take to North Carolina for a second. You've heard about the governor's race there and Josh Stein with a sizable double-digit lead over Mark Robinson, who's said a lot of controversial things to say the least. And that's, as I say, a 14-point lead. But in that state, at the same time they're voting and they're expecting to vote for the Democrat for governor, Josh Stein, 13% of those people are also telling us they're planning on voting for Donald Trump, a Republican and a Democrat. Crossing over lines, we haven't seen a lot of split-ticket voting going on. We've seen straight party voting and we're not seeing that right now in North Carolina where the Democratic-Gluittorio candidate is in front, visibly, but the race for president is neck and neck because Trump is able to corral a double-digit advantage among those people who are also voting for side. Turn to Arizona, different races for the US Senate, similar analysis, so you have a contest which is 49.50 within the margin of error for president. But you have for Senate, Ruben Gallego at 53%, Carrie Lake the Republican at 45%, an eight-point advantage for the Democrats. So if you're looking at the Senate, the Democrat, the Senate in Arizona doesn't seem to be in play like it is elsewhere where the races are a lot closer from the Senate. But again, like in North Carolina, you've got 14% of the electorate saying, I'm voting for the Democrat for Senate, but I'm also voting for Donald Trump. So people are picking candidates who are totally opposite in terms of issues, in terms of what they represent, in terms of what it means for the future of the nation and all those things, but there are people who are prepared to vote for both, in this case, Trump and Ruben Gallego. So it has a lot to do with the demography and issues and who they know and what they like, but bottom line, let's wait it out, we got early voting, there's a lot of analysis, there's polls for every outcome, I think the big thing to do right now is let's wait a week and a half and we're gonna get a much better sense of what's going on, even if we go into extra innings, which we've made very well.