 The election of November 3rd, 2020 in Maricopa County was free, fair and accurate. Maricopa County is the second largest voting district in the United States of America. I set before you today as a Republican who was voted into office in November of 2020. Hi again everyone, it's 5 o'clock in New York. Did you catch that? The man you just heard from, his name's Jack Sellers. He's the chairman of the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors explaining, exposing the glaring inconsistency when people in his own party cried fraud about the 2020 election result. Members of the GOP say there was fraud. The story goes like this, the election was stolen from Donald Trump, blah blah blah, but no one ever deals with the fact that every other down ballot election that took place on November 3rd, a lot of them resulted in Republicans winning. Is there fraud in those two? Sellers made those comments during a congressional hearing yesterday investigating Arizona's so-called audit. The audit where the cyber ninjas spent half a year and millions of dollars to examine ballots including their search for bamboo. Their work at the end just reaffirmed President Joe Biden's win there. Sellers and other election officials in Maricopa County have stood up to that sham audit exposing the lies for what they are. Here's Bill Gates, vice chairman of the Board of Supervisors at the same hearing. This is without a doubt the biggest threat to our democracy in my lifetime. If elected officials continue to choose party over truth then these procedures are going to continue on these privately funded government backed attacks on legitimate elections. Let me repeat, these are Republicans. He also is a Republican official decrying the conspiracies around the 2020 election result. No matter what they say, no matter what the cyber ninjas find, the big lie continues to spread and spread and spread. Washington Post reports this quote, the six-month GOP driven review confirmed the accuracy of the results according to a report released last month, but that hasn't silenced Trump who continues to make false claims or those of other Republicans including several Arizona lawmakers on the House Committee. Despite the fact that no evidence of widespread fraud has come to light in the 11 months since the election by anyone, anywhere, Republicans have only ratcheted up their ridiculous claims. There is now a push for a forensic audit of every state in the country. Reporting in Michigan news site, MLive finds quote, dozens of lawmakers from multiple states including three Republicans from Michigan signed a letter to the American people calling for a 50-state audit of the November 2020 general election. 92 state Republicans joined Arizona State Senator Wendy Rogers who released the letter in a post to social media Monday. The letter calls for states to decertify electors where elections were certified inaccurately and suggests the US House of Representatives quote, convene and vote per the US Constitution by means of one vote per state to decide the rightful winner of the election. This disinformation is extremely dangerous to our democracy. We saw what happened when Trump supporters tried to stop the certification of the actual accurate results. Our capital was attacked, people died. We also know from that day that there were no elections certified inaccurately. US Congress certified the winner, President Joe Biden, after the insurrection. Republicans pushing for more audits nearly a year after the election is where we start this hour. Arizona Secretary of State Katie Hobbs this year, she's also now running for governor. Also joining us Michigan Secretary of State Jocelyn Benson and Jeremy Bash is still here, former Chief of Staff at the CIA and Department of Defense and MSNBC National Security Analyst. Um, Katie, I second, Madam Secretary, I want to play something that happened. We covered this yesterday, but because it's your state, I want to show you Secretary Hobbs this exchange between Jamie Raskin and Andy Biggs. Do accept this audit would show that Joe Biden won and indeed by more votes than that is not what the audit concluded. Who won the election in Arizona? Donald Trump? We don't know because the as the audit it demonstrates very clearly Mr. Raskin. There are a lot of issues with this election that took place. There is the problem that we have. Donald Trump refused to accept the results and unfortunately we have one of the world's great political parties which has followed him off of the ledge of this electoral lunacy. Um, and it's dangerous for democracy. Secretary Hobbs, who is Andy Biggs and does he speak for tell me who he speaks for in Arizona. Well, I think unfortunately he's speaking for a lot of the Republicans in Arizona, but certainly not for the majority of voters in Arizona. And at this point, you know, uh, Jamie Raskin put it quite appropriately when he called it electoral lunacy. I don't know how we take these leaders seriously anymore. Uh, there there was no fraud in the election. We all know that and this road they're continuing down is dangerous for our democracy. Has the cyber ninjas, which we should always remind folks, one of its founders was a stop the steal adherent. It had access to the ballots. It made a lot of people uncomfortable. We talked to you as it went on. They actually found the very same thing that the other multiple audits found that President Joe Biden one, I think they found maybe six or 10 or 20 more votes for him. Has that stemmed any of the suspicion about the election result? Absolutely not. And I don't really find any vindication in their reports because we know that their methodology was entirely flawed. And so I don't know how they came up with that number, but I don't have any faith in that. But the report itself was full of a lot of continued misinformation pointing out so called anomalies, which are easily explained by election experts. But but they're pointing to these anomalies to continue spreading misinformation and cast out on the election. And so, you know, this is obviously going to continue. Um, and again, I cannot overemphasize how dangerous this is to our democracy. Secretary Benson, um, tragically your state, um, also flirting with the idea of audits. Um, the I guess three Republicans from from Michigan have signed on asking for this 50 state audit of the election result. Your reaction. But there can be a 50 state audit. We've actually had over 250 audits just here in Michigan that were all official by the books following secure protocols. The audits are all gonna show the same thing as ours have that the presidential winner is clear and unequivocal. It's the current president Joe Biden. And so at this point, we need to realize that this consistent and even escalating call for these so called audits or election reviews are no longer about reviewing the 2020 election. And I think the results of Arizona show that this is about sowing seeds of doubt for future elections to prepare for a narrative to enable to potentially intervene or overturn future election results that partisan officials may disagree with. So I think we need to start seeing this for what it is and as opposed to a look back even though it's masquerading is that it's really planting seeds for the future. Secretary Benson, is it working? It's working on two fronts. I mean, one, it's not going to overturn the results of the election. Those are clear. Those are unequivocal. Those have been re audited and confirmed. What it is going to do is cause more and more citizens to lose faith in our democracy, to lose faith in their voices and to potentially disengage and certainly have access to less accurate information. And I would argue that that's the goal as well, that this is really an effort to cause people to disengage, give up, not participate in future elections because they don't have faith in the outcomes. And if that happens, then we're going to lose our ability to hold elected officials accountable, which I would argue is what a lot of these folks are hoping for, that people disengage and let go of their power to hold folks accountable. And in a time, as my colleague Secretary Hobb said, that this is dangerous for democracy. The real danger is us as citizens disengaging and thereby elected officials not being held accountable for other bad, unrepresentative acts that they do.