 This was never a border security bill, one of the dumbest bills in history. It was blocked by Senate Republicans because it did nothing to secure the border- Oh how desperate Kakamala Harris is indeed. You could practically smell her desperation coming from a mile away. I don't care what kind of poll you managed to look up on Google, it's pretty obvious what she's trying to do in Arizona. Because if she had any inkling of care about the border, aside from trying to scrounge around for votes, she would have visited the border a hell of a lot sooner than what she did recently. After all, let's not forget that Jill Brybin made her the border czar, and I'm not about to let you forget that. There's about five other major things she's handling, but I've asked her the VP today because she's the most qualified person to do it to lead our efforts with Mexico and the Northern Triangle and the countries that help us, we're gonna need help in stemming the movement of so many folks stemming the migration to our southern border. But you want to know what the best part about all this desperation is? It's not how obvious it is what she's trying to do, or the fact that Arizona is currently swinging in Trump's favor, it's the fact that most people in Arizona fully understand what it is she's trying to do. And by God, they do not accept it whatsoever. It's awesome, to say the least. We're gonna be playing you some footage from Fox News and from the Hannity exclusive, which showcases the border crisis and how Kakamala Harris is trying to handle it, which is to say, not at all. But before we begin this commentary, please don't forget to subscribe, share this with your friends, to show as many people as possible what it is that Kakamala Harris is trying to do. Hit that thumbs up button and notification bell, and with that being said, why don't we go ahead and start off by showing these polling numbers according to Fox News in Arizona. Take a look at the lead of registered voters who vote for Trump over Harris. This is a 15% difference, it's not even close. This is posted at Common Sense Observer here to debug myself as I had read that poll incorrectly. You see, that wasn't the number of points in which Donald Trump was leading Kakamala Harris, it was the percentage of voters who trusted Donald Trump to do a better job on immigration and the border, which is where that 15% lead is. That being said, Donald Trump still is in the lead currently in Arizona by 3%, according to this image right here. Just wanted to make that slight correction. With that being said, let's continue. And I know that there are a lot of news sources out there that are probably going to say differently, but let's use a bit of Common Sense here. Like I said at the beginning, if Kakamala Harris wasn't desperate for voters, there's no way she would have visited the border recently. And let's also keep in mind that according to Fox News, the sheriff of Cochise County, that being Mark Daniels, has been trying to get her to the border for three and a half years now. He apparently has connections with the governor of Arizona, and he's been doing his best to get Kakamala Harris over there, just to see what the border looks like. And he stated that although he's glad that she's finally visiting the border, why did it take this long to do it? Well it's quite simple really, it's because Kakamala Harris has no value and she doesn't support anything that she says. And you know what's funny about this is that apparently she's trying to introduce a bill that quote-unquote fixes the border problem. You want to know what that border bill actually does? I think we'll go ahead and let Donald Trump and Sean Hannity say it for us. You will hear Kamala claim that the reason the border is not secure is that Congress has refused to pass her atrocious border bill. It's the worst bill you've ever seen. It would allow people to come in here at levels that would be incredible and would allow them to get citizenship, but it was not a border bill, it was an amnesty bill. This was never a border security bill, one of the dumbest bills in history. It was blocked by Senate Republicans because it did nothing to secure the border. As a matter of fact, it wouldn't even kick in until four or five thousand illegals actually crossed into the country illegally. And then they had the discretion whether to enforce it or not, which would codify what they've been doing into law. It enabled and encouraged the illegal immigration by reducing wait times at the border for illegals. So again, codified open borders into law. That was not a border security bill. To put it simply, her bill is to make illegal immigration explode higher than it ever has before and give illegal immigrants easier access to citizenship. She complains that Donald Trump and the Republican Party keep shooting down her bill, but let's not kid ourselves, the very moment that bill is introduced and is passed, we are screwed. We would be so heavily screwed that if we were actual screws, all of our threads would be strict. But to end this video on a more positive note, let's take a look at what a lot of people had to say in Arizona about Kakamala Harris' failed attempt for scrounging for voters. Why do you think she's here? Because she's the flip flopper and she's trying to get some votes at the last minute. Where was she three and a half, four years ago? How do you feel about Vice President Kamala Harris' visit here today? I'd like to be over in her face. What would you tell her? I'd say it's about time you visited the border. Let me show you what it's really like. It's all publicity. It's kind of like she's here. She doesn't care. She just cares about winning. Why do you think she's here? Politics, of course. So you're not being fooled? No, absolutely not. I mean she's had what, three and a half, four years to do something of some consequences and hasn't done anything. And I don't think she's going to do anything but carry on another word salad, I guess. Immigration and Customs Enforcement just released a report that tens of thousands, tens of thousands of illegal migrants with sexual assault records, criminal records have been released into the country. They don't even know where some of them are or even how they're going to get them back. How does that make you feel? Pretty scared, but us living close to the border like that, this has been going on for almost four years now so it's not new. It just needs to be stopped. If you had a chance to talk to the Vice President today, what would you tell her? She's honestly not worth talking to. She doesn't have a clue what's going on in the country. She's just there for herself. My message to her is go back to San Francisco and fix what you screwed up. We don't need you here telling us what we need because it's obvious after three and a half years of being in the border, she hasn't got a damn clue what's going on and what needs to be done. Thank you so much people of Arizona. I don't think we could have said it better ourselves. It is obvious what she's doing and I'm so happy that so many people are seeing it. And as far as my final thoughts go about this, I really don't understand how the Democrat Party could possibly win again unless they do what they did in 2020. I will not say what that is specifically for the sake of this video not being flagged or taken down, but I'm sure you guys can fill in the blanks in the comments down below. Do not vote for Kalka Mala Harris. If you do, America is so beyond screwed that we might as well be living in the Soviet Union. For more updates on the world of politics, please make sure you subscribe, share this with your friends to expose the Democrat Party as much as possible, hit that thumbs up button and notification bell, and always remember to observe from a common sense perspective.