 a historically close race just three days away as Trump and Harris battle it out to see who can reach 270 electoral votes. Griff is over at the touch screen with more on how it could all play out. Here we go. And Mary Catherine, we hear so much about the blue wall. But before I do that, one thing you've heard about is this single electoral vote in Nebraska. It's Omaha. It's the city. And it is traditionally gone blue. And most people are basing their path to 270, giving that one to Harris. So I'm going to do so now, starting with the blue wall, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania. First, let me show you the electoral numbers. So you've got 19 for Pennsylvania, 15 Michigan, 10 Wisconsin, Georgia in North Carolina are 16 Arizona, 11 Nevada, six. You can see, obviously, Pennsylvania is the big prize. If you give if Harris wins the blue wall, the famed blue wall, you can see, boom, 270. She gets there. Now, take it out and let's see if Trump won the blue wall, which he did in 2016. You would see the math add up and he doesn't quite get there. He's going to need more add in a North Carolina. He gets there. Add in a Georgia. He gets there. Now, I do want to take you back to one thing, though, and that is Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, the blue wall. But Georgia and Arizona traditionally, the swing states have swung together in 26. They all went red in 2020. They all went blue. But it is a strategy that Trump has of North Carolina, Georgia and Arizona. In that Sunbelt, if he can get that, all he needs to do is to pick off one of the famed blue wall. And that's what we're looking for to see this year. Will the blue wall fracture? You have to go back to 1988 when Dukakis won Wisconsin but lost Michigan and Pennsylvania when the blue wall didn't hold with that one exception in 2016 when Trump carried all three of those. Now, let me go back, if I can, though, to the map and look at the states. Let's go with Katie, give me a state you're watching that you really want to know what's going on. I am watching Georgia because it is a newer swing state, typically more Republican, reliable. But President Trump has lots of unfinished business there. Brian Kemp is a very popular Republican governor. There are two Democratic senators. And of course, Georgia has been passing all of this voter integrity legislation, which has given us this massive 55 percent early voter turnout. So I was saying, Biden, last time, Trump has. Well, look at how close, 0.2 percent. It was literally such a tight 10,000 vote count roughly. But then you go to 2016, you can see how much by five point seven points that Clinton won. Now, let me take it back and, Guy, give me a state that you're watching here. Hold on. Let me go back to this as I knock through this map. Give me a state you're watching. Yeah, I mean, Arizona is also interesting if we're talking about the Sunbelt states because that was a red state. It went blue just barely for Biden last time. Early voting looking pretty good for Republicans so far. Does he flip it back? Well, that is exactly the question. And to your point, point three percent in 2020. Look at 2016. What happened there? And it was a much larger one. I'm just going to take this back, if I can, to the main map. And Mary Catherine, give me a state and we'll round this out. I'm looking at my home state of North Carolina. That's where Trump won in 2020 by about 75 K votes. And I got there's some good news. Well, Trump is there a lot, which suggests maybe he's not totally confident about it. But Kamala Harris has pulled ads at one point. And some really good news for democracy in general is Western North Carolina is keeping up with its early voting and surpassing it from 2020. So those those hard hit counties are really doing a great job. That was a big question. I was in Western North Carolina covering it and they were worried about the election. Obviously, it's going there, but it was obviously the result. You're looking one and a half points roughly in 2020 and in 2016, it was three point eight percentage points. So North Carolina is one of those that remained red. We'll see what happens. It's anybody's guess of where these states go. But if the swing states swing one way or another, we may have decisive results, although I'm not sure we'll get them as Katie predicts on Tuesday night. The optimist. Hey, Sean Hannity here. Hey, click here to subscribe to Fox News YouTube page and catch our hottest interviews and most compelling analysis. You will not get it anywhere else.