 In that statement, I won't read it in its entirety. Former President Trump begins by calling you a Rhino, a Republican in name only. He then references a conversation in November 2020 in which he claims that you told him that the election was rigged and that he had won Arizona. To quote the former president, during the conversation, he told me the election was rigged and that I won Arizona, unquote. Did you have such a conversation with the president? I did have a conversation with the president. That certainly isn't it, but there were parts of it that are true, but there are parts that are not, sir. And the part that I read you, is that false? Anywhere, anyone, any time has said that I said the election was rigged, that would not be true. And when the former president in his statement today claimed that you told him that he won Arizona, is that also false? That is also false. Mr. Bowers, I understand that after the election, and I don't know whether this is the conversation the former president is referring to, but after the election, you received a phone call from President Trump and Rudy Giuliani, in which they discussed the result of the presidential election in Arizona. If you would, tell us about that call, and whether the former president or Mr. Giuliani raised allegations of election fraud. Thank you. My wife and I had returned from attending our church meetings, it was on a Sunday, and we were still in the driveway, and I had received a call from a colleague telling me that the White House was trying to get in touch with her and I, and that she said, please, if you get a call, let's try to take this together. Immediately, I saw that the White House on my Bluetooth was calling, and I took the call, and was asked by the, I would presume, the operator at the White House, if I would hold for the president, which I did, and Mr. Giuliani came on first, and niceties, then Mr. Trump, President Trump, then President Trump came on, and we initiated a conversation. During that conversation, did, you asked Mr. Giuliani for proof of these allegations of fraud that he was making? On multiple occasions, yes. When you asked him for evidence of the struggle, what did he say? He said that they did have proof, and I asked him, do you have names? For example, we have 200,000 illegal immigrants, some large number, five or 6,000 dead people, et cetera, and I said, do you have their names? Yes. Will you give them to me? Yes. The president interrupted and said, give the man what he needs, Rudy. He said, I will. That happened on at least two occasions, that interchange in the conversation. So Mr. Giuliani was claiming in the call that there were hundreds of thousands of undocumented people and thousands of dead people who had purportedly voted in the election? Yes. And you asked him for evidence of that? I did. And did he ever, did you ever receive from him that evidence either during the call, after the call, or to this day? Never. What was the ask during this call? He was making these allegations of fraud, but he had something or a couple things that they wanted you to do. What were those? The ones I remember were first the, that we would hold, that I would allow an official committee at the Capitol so that they could hear this evidence and that we could take action thereafter. And I refused. I said, up to that time, the circus, I called it the circus, had been brewing with lots of demonstrations, both at the counting center, at the Capitol, and other places. And I didn't want to have that in the House. I did not feel that the evidence, granted in its absence, merited a hearing, and I didn't want to be used as a pawn if there was some other need that the committee hearing would fulfill. So that was the first ask, that we hold an official committee hearing. And what was his second ask? I said, to what end? To what end the hearing? He said, well, we have heard by an official high-up in the Republican legislature that there is a legal theory or a legal ability in Arizona that you can remove the, the electors of President Biden and replace them. And we would like to have the legitimate opportunity through the committee to come to that end and remove that. And I said, that's totally new to me. I've never heard of any such thing. And he pressed that point. And I said, look, you are asking me to do something that is counter to my oath when I swore to the Constitution to uphold it. And I also swore to the Constitution and the laws of the state of Arizona. And this is totally foreign as an idea or a theory to me. And I would never do anything of such magnitude without deep consultation with qualified attorneys. And I said, I've got some good attorneys, and I'm gonna give you their names. But you're asking me to do something against my oath and I will not break my oath. And I think that was up to that point. During the conversation, and you heard, I think, when we played a snippet of Mr. Giuliani calling other state legislators and saying that he was calling us essentially a fellow Republican, did he make a similar appeal to you or bring up the fact that you shared a similar party? Whether it was in that call or in a later meeting, he did bring that up more than once. And how would he bring that up? He would say, aren't we all Republicans here? I would think we would get a better reception. I mean, I would think you would listen a little more open to my suggestions that we're all Republicans. And this evidence that you asked him for that would justify this extraordinary step, I think you said they never produced. Why did you feel either in the absence of that evidence or with it, what they were asking you to do would violate your oath to the Constitution? First of all, when the people in Arizona, I believe it was some 40 plus years earlier, the legislature had established the manner of electing our officials or the electors for the presidential race. Once it was given to the people, as in Bush v. Gore, illustrated by the Supreme Court, it becomes a fundamental right of the people. So as far as I was concerned, for someone to ask me in the, I would call it a paucity, there was no evidence being presented of any strength. Evidence can be hearsay evidence, it's still evidence, but it's still hearsay. But strong judicial quality evidence, anything that would say to me, you have a doubt, deny your oath. I will not do that. And on more than one occasion throughout all this, that has been brought up and it is a tenet of my faith. That the Constitution is divinely inspired of my most basic foundational beliefs. And so for me to do that because somebody just asked me to, is foreign to my very being, I will not do it. During that conversation, Speaker Bowers, did you ask him if what he was proposing had ever been done before? I did. And what did he say? He said, well, I'm not familiar with Arizona law or any of the laws, but I don't think so. And that also was brought up in other conversations, both with him and with John Eastman and others. Speaker Bowers, I understand that a week after that call, Mr. Giuliani appeared with others associated with President Biden, and he was in Trump's effort to overturn the result of the election at a purported legislative hearing in a hotel ballroom in Phoenix. Was this an official hearing of the state legislature? It was not. And why was it not a real or official hearing of the legislature? A legislator can hold a group meeting. He can call it a hearing. But when they asked me to have an official hearing, we establish it by protocols, public notice, et cetera. It's typically held at the Capitol, but it doesn't need to be. We can authorize a hearing off campus. And in this case, I had been asked on several occasions to allow a hearing. I had denied it, but said, you're free to hold a meeting, any meeting you want, to the person who asked, and which he ultimately did. I think he was a little frustrated, but he ultimately did. This meeting was the same day, I believe, that the governor of Arizona, Doug Ducey, certified Biden as the winner of the presidential election in Arizona. Did you meet with Mr. Giuliani and his associates while they were in Phoenix sometime after that purported legislative hearing at the hotel? Yes, I did, sir. And at that meeting, did Mr. Giuliani raise any specific allegations of election fraud again? His initial comments were, again, the litany of groups of illegal individuals or people deceased, et cetera. And he brought that up. And I wasn't alone in that meeting. There were others. And other members of the Senate aggressively questioned him. And then I proceeded to question him on the proof that he was going to bring me, et cetera. But he did bring those up, yes. And these other legislators were also Republican members of the Senate? They were, yes, sir. And did they also press him for proof of these allegations? They pressed him very strongly, two of them especially, very strongly. And at some point, did Mr. Giuliani ask one of the other attorneys on his team to help him out with the evidence? He did. He asked Jenna Ellis, who was sitting to his right. One thing was that it was more to the point of, was there sufficient evidence or action that we could justify the recalling of the electors? But at that part of the conversation, I know he referred to someone else. But he did ask, do we have the proof to Jenna, Ms. Ellis? And.