 Ladies and gentlemen, they want to ban Trump in Arizona, not just Colorado, in Arizona, blue states throughout the country, states that he has to win, and we can go down the list. Here's a Times article. They want to ban Trump in Michigan, Oregon, New Jersey, Wisconsin, Alaska, Arizona, Nevada, New York, New Mexico, South Carolina, which is bizarre, Texas, another that's weird, Vermont, Virginia, West Virginia, and Wyoming. Of course, these are Democrats in the East states, and Arizona and Michigan unfortunately have very strong Democratic parties, even though Arizona is traditionally a red state. But you have Colorado setting the tone. This will, of course, be reversed by the Supreme Court. Get subscribed to this channel right now. You'd have to be a complete imbecile to believe that Trump organized any effort to overthrow the US government or former rebellion or interfere in proceedings. It was a protest that went bad. It was a demonstration that turned into chaos, like every single day, unfortunately, that summer by Democratic Party or left-leaning or liberal-leaning demonstrators. Now I agree with why people demonstrated peacefully that summer, but only Democrats, only CNN and MSNBC, and only the New York Times and the Washington Post, and only legal scholars at Harvard, aside from the great Alan Dershowitz who completely dismantled this absurd ruling by Colorado, but the only Ivy League scholars who vote Democrat or lifelong liberals would lack the wisdom to know that that summer where people who peacefully protested had the right to and were justified in doing so. So I agree with why people peacefully protested, but the people who did not peacefully protest that summer resulted, unfortunately, the people who did not peacefully protest who were leaning to the left of center, who vote Democrat, almost certainly, or if they vote Democrat, the people who didn't peacefully protest that entire summer, their actions resulted in billions upon billions in property damage where people of color who owned businesses lost their business. Do you think it's right or fair or just if you're on the left to somehow explain why people of color, people of all different skin colors should never have lost their businesses, but why did people of color lose their businesses when the whole point of the protest that summer was to demonstrate against a tremendous injustice? It was billions in property damage with people of all backgrounds losing businesses, losing billions upon billions in wealth with chaos and mayhem. CNN had a building set ablaze and the anchor said, well, it's fiery but mostly peaceful. I mean, it was the most Orwellian thing you've ever heard of. Hit subscribe to this channel right now to read my writing on the Hill, the Huffington Post Salon, the Jerusalem Post, the Federalists, other publications. Go to hagoodman.com. Super thanks is below. The Patreon is below in the pinned comment. Your Patreon support is so important. But the Democratic operatives or activists who think that he should, or scholars, legal scholars, how on earth was January the definition of what they call a rebellion? And there's another word for it, but I'll just call it a rebellion. The word that's used, which it isn't. And that entire summer wasn't a rebellion. You had curfews in every major city. You had scenes where law enforcement officials were being injured. You had federal buildings. You even had the White House one day in May. Demonstrators were going after. They, arson, people were, churches were being torched to the ground. That's not a rebellion. So that wasn't a rebellion where left leaning demonstrators, when completely chaotic, after the Dobbs decision, where you also had unfortunately churches and other facilities and buildings burnt to the ground, that wasn't a rebellion. So when Democrats don't like something and Democratic politicians give tacit approval to chaos and mayhem, that's not trying to overthrow democracy. But that one day, which is a terrible day, Trump shouldn't have had that day because he shouldn't have realized that there's a double standard in American politics and anything he does, they're going to try to sabotage. But that entire summer where the progressive pundits were nowhere to be found, left leaning pundits and writers and scholars and journalists, where were they at two in the morning or one in the morning or marching when the police said you have to disperse? They were nowhere to be found because they were afraid for their lives. These are the people who are the biggest hypocrites and cowards in the world. They claim to fight for whatever cause, pick a cause, but they're nowhere to be found because they know of the chaos and the mayhem that often exists on the left. So like I said, what people peacefully protest that they have the right to do so and it was for a just cause. Okay. I believe that Mr. Floyd had his life taken from him and he shouldn't have had his life taken from him. But I don't see how left leading demonstrators who did not engage in peaceful demonstration leading to billions in property damage, billions in shattered glass and windows and buildings and cars being torched and confrontations with police and people losing their lives, former officers losing their lives, businesses being destroyed, livelihood being taken from people of all different backgrounds, including people of color. And that's okay for Democrats. And that's not what is viewed as an insert. The word that they keep claiming. That's not an insurrection, but what Trump did was you have billions upon billions of property damage that summer. You had government buildings being targeted by left leaning demonstrators. Okay. They weren't supporters of Trump. I don't think that there were many Make America Great Again hats going around. And then the rebuttal is, well, there was a right leaning person that was convicted. Okay. And there was zero emphasis on convicting the vast majority of property crimes and other crimes you can, and by the way, you can go and look at the people who were convicted. They leaned left the majority of the people that when, when there was a court of law, billions in property damage that summer. And yet Trump is being thrown off the ballot because of one day where he did not tell anyone to commit a crime, but you did have democratic politicians say, get in people's faces. So they can't beat Trump. He's up to like three and a half. He's going to be up four points, 5.6 points soon. Apparently mashed potato brains was the most popular president of all time. Now they want to replace him. He's so popular and they're interfering, not only interfering, it's such a blatant attempt at trying to go after their political opponent with the stupidest, most arrogant, vapid, overtly partisan and political stunt. They couldn't find that their dumb hoax regarding Trump Russia was completely fabricated. So then they go after, now they're after this, they've indicted him. If 91 charges, he's still up. How can you have 91 criminal charges and still beat the sitting democratic president? Because everyone knows they're just simply going after Trump because they want to attain political power. It is so obvious what they're doing and the Supreme Court will overturn everything, even the convictions who probably get convicted three different times. Not for actual crimes, by the way, and we're talking about actual crimes, Hunter, Joe, obvious bribery, graft, other crimes. Give me your thoughts below, hit subscribe right now. All of this will be overturned by the Supreme Court. Thank you.