 Hey, good morning, everyone. Yeah, we're just a few days away. We're joined by local political strategist, Marcus Del Artino. You're always in here giving us some really good insight on what to watch out for. Here we are just days away from election day. You have both VP Harris and former President Trump making appearances here in the Valley. Is this going to make a difference for either of them at the polls? Well, first of all, I got to say, happy Halloween. And I apologize to every teacher throughout the country for what's going to happen tomorrow morning. And with that being said, here's what's going on. Look, it is a tight race everywhere. And what people need to remember is every poll that's out there is within the margin of error. Margin of error. So these polls could be wrong, all depending on turnout. Who gets the most of their vote to the polls? And that's what we're seeing playing out here in this last week. VP Harris needs to sort of concentrate on mobilizing her voters, especially in the West Valley. We're looking at more going back to a traditional 2016 model where Republicans are voting early. Democrats wait until election day. And so she's going to have to focus on those, getting her vote out. And clearly, she's going to go with an uplifting message, a uniting message, and try and get those people motivated and mobilized. Trump's going to the West Valley already. He's going to be in Glendale. But all he needs to do is just try not to make any controversial, if you will, headlines walking into this. It's just stay safe in this last week. Turnout, as you just mentioned, We Keep Hearing is going to be the key to winning the White House, to really winning any of these really close positions. What are the key groups that both candidates really need to keep an eye on for to make a difference in turnout? You keep hearing about younger voters and how they could actually make a big difference this election. Yeah, certainly. I think you've got to look at female voters primarily because of the, you know, we've gotten an abortion measure on the ballot, number one. But every swing state does. And it's been a topic of conversation. So certainly, you know, the Harris campaign is going to want to mobilize women going into this. And certainly, you know, the Trump campaign is going to want to mobilize men. You're going to look at the Latino vote is going to count big in Arizona. And both sides are fighting over that. What we've seen is a massive movement in demographics in the Latino community, especially among Latino men, gravitating towards the Republican Party now. And so how both campaigns sort of deal with that going into this election will be important too. So Cloud Search Research is a company we did a story about. They've been using AI to track undecided voters. A recent poll found the top reason undecided voters made up their mind was their dislike of the other candidate. How is likability of former President Trump and Harris playing into people's decisions this time around? I mean, we needed a computer to tell us that. They could have called me a year ago. Pay me the $100,000, I'll tell you that. But it is a big factor. What happens is people wait too long. They don't do a significant amount of research. But they know they've got to vote. They get into this polling place. They feel a little sense of pressure because there's a line behind them. And they just go with sort of, I like this person just a hair better than this person. And so it does. We used to call it the I'd rather have a beer with factor. And so that will definitely play out, especially with election day voters. And I think it's important to remind the viewers, you can vote today. You can vote tomorrow. Their polling places are open. Look it up on the county recorder's website. And you can walk into any polling place right now today and vote your ballot. Yeah, it's two pages long. They're expecting a historic turnout for this. So we have those links on azfamily.com as well. Here we are just a couple days away from election day, even though we know election is more of a season here, of course, in Arizona and across the country. Anything else you're going to be watching out for really keeping track of in the coming days? You know, I think we're watching the returns, most importantly, pretty much on a daily basis. We've got somewhat of a mixed bag of news in Arizona. You know, from a percentage standpoint, Democrats have matched Republicans statewide on turnout. But you've also got to remember that Republicans have a significant six to seven point edge going with voter registration. So Democrats need to outperform that. And in certain legislative districts and pockets throughout the state, they're accomplishing that mission. And so it's really actually, independents are going to play a big role in this election. And we know they're a third of voters, essentially, at this point in Arizona. Yeah, historically, they sort of underperform their registration. And so right now, they're at about 25%. We'll have to see if that increases going into it. And especially, they have that ability with the way we vote now, with polling locations open today, instead of waiting for a day, I think that's going to encourage more Republicans to sort of vote early and avoid that line, if you will, on Tuesday. OK. Marcus, thank you so much. Do you just keep your suit on for the next couple of days? I just changed ties. OK, there you go. We'll see a different tie next time. Thank you so much. Thank you. And your.