 What embarrasses me is when people like you from another country come here and must think what the f*** is wrong with these people? I'm embarking on a tour of the key swing states in America ahead of next week's election. My first stop from Melbourne was Arizona, Phoenix Arizona. The last three and a half years have been brutal. What do you think about Kamala Harris? I don't know if I should comment on that. I'll take mean tweets any day over policies that are detrimental in the US. It's a very tight race in all of the swing states. Every single one of them is within the margin of error according to the polls. But Kamala Harris is having a tough time in Arizona. She's now 2.6 percentage points behind Donald Trump. That's the largest of any of the seven swing states. We're finding a lot of people that are really kind of frustrated with inflation, gas prices. So they're interested in seeing what the conservative ticket looks like. Nationally speaking, I think it's the economy. It's inflation. It's the cost of housing. It is homelessness. And it's also women's reproductive rights. Immigration, the economy, and women's reproductive rights. I didn't full stop. Those are three of us on board issues. Our borders are out of control. We need to take back America. I mean, this is a state that has a 600 kilometer border with Mexico. So for the first three and a half years, the Biden administration, when the legal arrivals over the border were surging, Arizona got the brunt of it. I don't like what's happened the last four years. I don't like what they did at the border. I just wasn't wise. To me, it was a most betrayal of America policies, America as we know it. I spoke to many Trump supporters who said that the border issue was actually their main issue. This will be my third time voting for Donald Trump. Donald Trump. I'm going to vote for Trump. Some people's feelings get hurt. That's their problem. He's a businessman. People don't like him because he's brash. Who cares? He runs the country. That's who we need. Look, Trump has his quirks. Trump has a lot of issues that I wouldn't prefer, but policies is where I go down. On the other side, I met people who were voting for Harris. So I gather from this, you are a Kamala Harris fan. Big time. She's been able to completely turn a quote, quote, sinking ship into back on track. There was also the anti-Trump factor simply not liking the sort of character who Donald Trump is. I've never seen this many Republicans that I know, not a lot, not a great majority, but some come out and vote for a Democrat. It's still a very tight contest in Arizona. I don't care if you're a man or a woman or a giraffe. Like she can't do the job, you know? Four months ago when I went to the headquarters, it wasn't just Dwayne and four old ladies. It was enough people to fill my first yard. There are multiple issues at play in this fascinating state. It's a terrifically interesting battle, the battle for Arizona. Yeah, that's awesome. I think... We're going to see probably a big dent in the Republican vote into Native Americans pulling red on that ballot. I really don't believe it. I think a lot of people are not answering polls because it's just been so toxic. Trump will take to Arizona. You think so? This time, yeah, absolutely. God always wins, so I'm ready to party when he wins. I think Harris wins in probably the closest election that we've seen in the last 60 years. In my side of my heart is it's going to be a landslide. Will come on? Yes. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster. I think it's going to be a disaster.