 Former President Trump may be out of the White House, but his influence on the Republican Party continues to loom large, especially on the state level. This weekend, the Republican Party of Arizona voted to censure some high-profile people in their own ranks. The list includes the state's Republican governor, Doug Ducey, former GOP Senator Jeff Flake, and Cindy McCain, the widow of the late John McCain. Both Flake and McCain endorsed President Biden in the election, while Ducey was targeted for his implementation of COVID-19 restrictions. At that same meeting held indoors at a Phoenix church, the Arizona GOP voted to reelect party chair Kelly Ward. The unwavering Trump supporter challenged the state's election results in a lawsuit. It was ultimately rejected over lack of evidence of fraud. Dylan Smith joins me now from Arizona. He is the editor and publisher of Tucson Sentinel.com. Dylan, welcome. Thanks very much for being with us. So a new opinion piece. Always happy to. The Arizona Republic is titled, Republicans no longer want Republicans in the Arizona Republican Party. So tell us, Dylan, what is behind that headline? If you look at what the Arizona Republican Party's been doing, not just, you know, terribly recently since the election, but over the past several years, they've really been doubling down and doubling down and doubling down yet again on the most fervent part of their right wing base. Basically people who want Donald Trump to remain in office, even though he lost the election. Now, Kelly Ward was reelected as the state party chair this weekend, narrowly, but the folks she beat were also pretty hardcore Donald Trump supporters. It's not as if there is a movement within people who are actively involved in the party to do anything but be the party of Trump right now. She was elected on the second ballot, beating out someone from Southern Arizona who's also a pretty strong Trump supporter. If you look at those censures that you just mentioned, you know, over the past several years, the Arizona Republican Party has gone on record censuring just about everybody who has won a statewide election. Not only did they just do that to the sitting Republican governor, Doug Ducey, both because of his actions during COVID-19, which have really been kind of, you know, middle of the road, not trying to offend anybody and really not doing all that much that has, you know, been terribly stringent. If you look at that and if you look at what, you know, they've done with Jeff Flake and Cindy McCain and several years ago censuring John McCain, if you won a statewide election as a Republican in Arizona, the party has probably tried to disavow you at some point. So, Dylan, what does that suggest to you? Because that's such an interesting dynamic that you point out. And this is something that Cindy McCain herself described as sort of a badge of honor to be included in this group that was censured. And, you know, people like Jeff Flake and the McCains are not exactly liberals. You know, if you look at the broad scope of American politics, they're very conservative folks. And here you have the right-winger saying, well, you're just not right-wing, you're not Trump enough. And whether that is going to be a winning strategy for Republicans in Arizona to win elections, I kind of doubt that. They haven't done terribly well with that lately. And there's some very important races coming up, basically, at this point, next year in 2022. Every statewide office is going to be up for election, a governor, secretary of state, all those other offices. And yet again, we have another U.S. Senate race here. And, you know, it's been a very long time since Arizona has had two Democrats sitting in the U.S. Senate. Right now we do. So, yeah, let's talk a little bit more about the context here. So Arizona Republicans have a history, as you know, to being outside the party mainstream. Arizona Senator Barry Goldwater's 1964 landslide loss was attributed to him being too far to the right, yet he's credited for paving the way for Presidents Reagan and Nixon. And in the past election, Arizonans voted for President Biden and to replace both incumbent senators for the first time in decades. So is it clear what is happening right now, Dylan, when you look at this sort of dynamic that you just laid out, how conservatives like Jeff Flake, like Cindy McCain, like Doug Ducey, could be considered not conservative enough for those who are most active within the Republican Party in the state of Arizona? Certainly the Arizona GOP, for the moment, doesn't look to be trying to expand the tent and invite people in, even though that was a pretty big meeting, the statewide meeting they just had up in Phoenix when they did this chairmanship election, some other elections, voted for these censures. There was a lot of people packed into a pretty big church with no social distance, like nobody wearing masks. But, you know, they're not trying to right now expand the party. They're trying to be appealing to a very narrow part of the base. You mentioned Barry Goldwater. He was obviously Mr. Conservative, but his type of conservative is not what we're seeing from the folks who are aligning themselves with Donald Trump. Up in Phoenix, the state headquarters of Planned Parenthood is named after Barry Goldwater's wife. His sort of small government conservatism is not what we've seen over the past. You know, five or six years at the very least from the Republican Party. Right now, they would probably go on record to send you Barry Goldwater as well. Dylan, let me ask you, based on your reporting, based on your own observations, is it clear what is driving the state party's decision to stick with continued support for Donald Trump at this point? Well, those are the folks who are the most fervently involved. They are the precinct committee men. The people who are, you know, running the Republican Party are not necessarily all Republican Party voters. In fact, just in the past couple of weeks, since the insurrection at the Capitol, we have seen in Arizona thousands of members of the Republican Party leave it. They have changed their party registration just in the past couple of weeks, most of them becoming, you know, non-awigned, so-called independent voters. Quite a number of them switching from Republican to Democrat just in the few days since we saw that riot at the U.S. Capitol. It'll be really interesting to see here how the next few months and the next couple of years, as you point out, shake out as we look ahead to 2022. All right, Dylan Smith from the tucsoncentennial.com. Thanks very much, Dylan. Always great to have your insight. I appreciate it. Thank you very much.