 Dramatic r reduced jackass Time down near We're going to bring thousands and thousands of businesses and trillions of dollars in wealth back to the good old USA. That's what we're going to be doing it and doing it fast. I want German car companies to become American car companies. I want them to build their plans here. I want to beat China in electronics production and we'll be able to do that easily. We have the greatest genius, the greatest minds here and then we end up building them in different places. A lot of that's really stupid tax policy. I want GE, IBM and every other manufacturer that left us to be filled with regret and come sprinting back to our shores and they will. So as your president, here is the deal that I will be offering to every major company and manufacturer on earth. I will give you the lowest taxes, the lowest energy costs, the lowest regulatory burden and free access to the best and biggest market on the planet. But only if you make your product here in America. It all goes away if you don't make your product here. But under my leadership, we're going to take other countries jobs. Did you ever hear that expression before? Have you ever heard that? That we're going to take other countries jobs. It's never been stated before. We're going to take their factories and we had it really rocking four years ago. We're going to bring thousands and thousands of businesses and trillions of dollars in wealth back to the good old USA. That's what we're going to be doing it and doing it fast. After almost four years, borders are Kamala Harris has decided for political reasons that it's time for her to go to the border. She's gone to the border for years. What a disgrace that is that she waited so long allowing millions and millions of people to enter our country from prisons and jails, mental institutions and insane asylums. When Kamala is seen at the border on Friday, she will pass hundreds of miles of wall that was built by Trump. And it's wall that really works. Every state is a border state. Now when she speaks, I hope everybody remembers that she has caused our cities, our towns and our country itself tremendous damage. Our country is dying. Our country is dying.