 In 17 days, millions of Americans will head to the polls for yet another tremendously consequential election. This weekend, I'm in Arizona, a state that was critical to the preservation of democracy four years ago, and it could prove critical once again. Joe Biden flipped the state in 2020, and right now the Cook Political Report has the race for Arizona listed as a toss-up, and recent polling shows the two candidates neck and neck. But to get a deeper insight into how this election is playing out on the ground, I invited six voters from across the political spectrum, three of whom I've met before, to discuss how they plan to vote in two weeks and whether they think their party is doing right by them. Are you planning on voting in this election? Okay, that takes care of that. You may lower your hands. Are you planning on voting for Donald Trump and JD Vance? Are you planning on voting for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz? Okay. How many of you identify as Democrats? As Republicans? And as independents? It's got to be tricky for Republicans, right, to be able to do this, in some cases, for the second election, the second general election, but certainly more locally. Tell me a little about this. Well, I think that we have a record, right, because we have Donald Trump who's running for a second term, but we've had a president in between. So we've seen what Trump is capable of and we've seen what life was like after a Trump administration. So we kind of have something set up already for us. And I think that for me, that factors into a lot of it, because I think that there's some chaos that follows. You and I talked two years ago, almost exactly to the day. Right. You believe in what you believe in as a Republican. You were just frustrated with the Republicans who are running in your name or running in your state or trying to represent what you were not. Right. And so it's become easier and easier to not vote for people who don't stand for normal conservative principles and instead deny election results and try to justify an attempted coup in our country. You can't say that January 6th was a loving event where people got together and toward the Capitol. I mean, that's not reality. And so for anyone that's trying to change history on that or change the perspective on that in a positive way and put a spin on it in that regard, I can't vote for them. I just can't. I think that as a Republican, things that are important to me politically or policy wise, I should say, take a second place to holding the country together, honoring our Constitution and our democratic institutions that we've had for 200 some odd years, but that are really getting torn. We're also people that have been accustomed to voting for people like John McCain and what was his moniker and his brand. He was a maverick. And so there are a lot of us who realize that we can contain the multitudes, that it's country over party. We're comfortable with that and that we're allowed to be dynamic and free thinking on a ballot. So we don't have to just simply be a robot and vote for a party that's lost. It's heartbreaking. You are voting for Harrison Walls, as is everybody here. You're not in love with all their policies. Yeah, from a policy perspective, from on the Democratic side, I understand that they're trying to make things a little bit less partisan and appeal to some of the Republican voters that are on the fringe side. So that's something that for me, a long time was kind of keeping me to the side about it. I remember a lot of the policies that Tim Walts actually passed in his state and I adored him when he got chosen for the VP candidate. But Harris, I remember back in 2020 during that presidential race, was not one of my top picks even in the primaries. I was seeing a lot of the things that she was saying. And though I adore her extensive and very incredible history and education she does have, there was just some stuff that even like younger Democrats on the side really think are important. One of the biggest movements that happened in the last couple of years was obviously the BLM and the association with police and law enforcement. So I know a lot of people my age are actually on the fence and maybe not even voting because of that. But I think that the Democratic Party needs to align together under one common cause. Again, like how Bettina is saying it's not really that we're going to be mindless robots, but it's more again for the actual cause and to protect the nation. Richard, you have registered, you registered as an independent after the last election. Correct. Tell me a little about that. I wanted to shake up the dynamics in our in our valley. I wanted to reflect that there are people that have different opinions and I just thought that was a good opportunity. And I want to go back to what Bettina said about the Goldwater's, the McCain's, people in Arizona that don't vote for them, still respect them. You know, those are people that have led extraordinary lives and have done extraordinary things for our country. And it's deeply harming to hear the attacks on on the McCain's. And so like it thrills me to see people who will stand up to Donald Trump and his supporters and his apologists and say, no, that's a bridge too far. That's you've gone too far. You know, so as a Democrat, I still held a lot of love and respect for those people. And I'm not able to do that now with the current party. Coming from a liberal standpoint, I think part of the concern is existential. I can sit all day long and have disagreements over fiscal policy, over the fine points of immigration policy, how we deal with border security. There are things we can talk about and talk about civilly. I think when we start getting into conversations that deal with oppressing particular populations, rescinding rights, trying to remove the very existence of some people from our conversations to our history books, to our laws. If you're coming down on the side of doing things that are inhumane, I think the conversation needs to stop there. And at that point, as much as I dislike the polarization, I think it's very difficult to engage with someone who stands on a platform of wanting to quite literally do away with people you love and care about. And the same thing comes with the the existential need to preserve the Republic, our country, the democracy that, as Danny says, we've managed to preserve for more than two centuries is on the line. And if you're coming down on the side of, let's call them what they are, coup attempts, insurrections, I don't know how we begin to have a civil conversation until we get past that point. Thank you.