 A huge statue depicting former president and current Republican nominee Donald Trump towered over Phoenix, Arizona, on Thursday. ABC 15 Arizona affiliate KNXV captured video of the statue of a naked Trump towering over a neighborhood in the state's largest city. KSAZ-TV, a Fox affiliate in Phoenix, reports that the statue titled, Crooked and Obscene, is more than 40 feet tall and weighs 6,000 pounds. The statue was recently on display in Nevada. There is no further information of where it came from or who it belongs to. For just under an hour, Trump talked with a military-heavy audience in North Carolina about issues from immigration and hurricane relief to veterans affairs and international relations. At an event space Friday in Fayetteville, near Fort Liberty, among the world's largest military installations, thousands of attendees sat in tears of seats and folding chairs as Trump took several questions from people, all of whom had some connection to the military. One Vietnam veteran, who moderator Rep. Anna Paulina Luna of Florida said had written Trump a letter after the July assassination attempt in Butler, gave the former president his purple heart, saying Trump deserved it. Trump bookend his remarks by saying that he would revert the name of Fort Liberty to Fort Bragg. The Department of Defense renamed the installation last year, part of an initiative to shed the names of Confederate soldiers, motivated by the 2020 anti-racism protests over the murder of George Floyd by police. In 1987, big missiles, ballistic missiles were shot into Israel. Every single one of them was taken down. Well, why shouldn't we have that? And it's all going to be made in the United States. You know, it was our technology. It's all going to be made in the U.S. And a lot of it's going to be made in a place called North Carolina, if you don't mind, OK? But I think I just learned the secret to winning absolutely and by massive margins. I'm going to promise to you, as I said at the beginning, that we're going to change the name back to Fort Bragg, because I think when that word gets out, I just see this great looking soldier just accidentally said Fort Liberty and he had almost booed the hell out of the place. That was very that was not good. I mean, it's the most it's the biggest risk we have nuclear weapons, the power of nuclear weapons, the power of weaponry. You know, I rebuilt the entire military jets, everything I built, including nuclear. And I hated to build the nuclear, but I got to know firsthand the power of that stuff. And I'll tell you what, we we have to be totally prepared. We have to be absolutely prepared. We have a great military and we have a military that's not woke. You may have a few people on the top that are woke and we're going to get rid of them. So damn fast. I couldn't think anybody more deserving of a Purple Heart. Thank you very much. You took it, you laid down there, you got back up and the first words out of your mouth was fight, fight, fight. You didn't even have anything to shoot back at. So I didn't mind being hit that way. I don't want to be hit that way. This way, this way. If I didn't make the turn, I would have been hit the other way. That's no good. That would not have been too good. But it is it is true. And I got very lucky and maybe it wasn't so much luck. Maybe there's something else. Right. Maybe there's something else up there. I think I'm going to say this chair is the most uncomfortable chair ever. First of all, it spins. And the one thing I don't want is to fall on my ass because that's going to be that will be the only story they'll say, sir, you did great. Too bad you fell. That would be the only story. So I'm not sitting in that sucker. I think it's a booby trap that was put there by Kamala. You know what they're not talking about? And you know, you know what they're not talking about? They're not talking about something else that's very important. They are doing this is Katrina. They are doing the worst job on a hurricane that any administration has ever done. And these people don't want to talk about it. They don't want to talk about it.