 With just 20 days remaining until the 2024 presidential contest, today I will be updating my electoral map projection between former President Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris. It's not difficult to understand why Democrats are terrified while Republicans are somewhat optimistic about Trump's prospects when asked how members of both parties feel about this election. Just glance at the battlefield polling. Except for one, that of naturally Wisconsin, where Harris is likely to lose her lead in the following several days, Trump leads in every single swing state. Anyways, you could be wondering why you should believe my forecast in me. I genuinely projected Joe Biden's 306th and 232nd electoral vote triumph in 2020, and today I have to admit that this election is quite different. Trump is in far better shape than he was four years ago and even far better than he was in 2016 when he beat Hillary Clinton. Thus, we will start to map by first filling in the solid states for both contenders. Harris and Trump will be winning these races by 15% or more. For each candidate, they will be simple triumphs. Starting with the solid blue states, we thus have Washington, California, Hawaii, the first district of Maine, Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Maryland, and the District of Columbia. This assigns the Vice President 109 electoral votes. Though Donald Trump is the obvious choice in Utah, Wyoming, Idaho, Montana, North and South Dakota, all of Nebraska accept its second district. Kansas, Oklahoma, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Tennessee, Kentucky, West Virginia, Indiana, South Carolina, Alaska, and the second district of Maine. With 126 electoral votes, Trump leads now. We will then finish the likely states, which will have 7 to 15 point margins of victory. Although some races will be rather more competitive, one candidate will still have a distinct edge. And thus, we will start with Kamala Harris's potential states, beginning west in Oregon. It merely isn't as liberal as Washington and California. Actually, the Oregon Governor's 2022 campaign margin dropped to a single digit mark. Kamala Harris will not be performing better than Joe Biden in practically any state other than in Colorado. Colorado is not the state she will be exception making from. Biden scored 14 points to win the state. Not even did he manage to win it by a clear margin. Kamala Harris is not going to be able to accomplish such. She's most likely going to win by about 10 points at most. Barack Obama's native state, Illinois, comes next. Kamala Harris will triumph by rather less than 15. Obama, Clinton, and Biden, the last three Democratic nominees, each get about 17 points. Harris simply isn't performing as well as the prior three nominees, though. She will most likely be the poorest performing Democrat in any contest since 1988. Then, ascending to the Northeast, this is truly where Harris's performance has been appalling, particularly in New York. Going back over 30 years, every Democrat has won New York by a clear margin. 23 points four years ago, Joe Biden prevailed. Kamala Harris leads the Empire State today by just 13.5% in the polling, hence this is not a flutter. This is not one or two surveys displaying her with such an appalling margin. Joe Biden led by 8 to 10 during his candidacy. Though she hasn't cracked 15, Kamala Harris is doing better. New York will so probably be blue on her map for the first time since 1988. We then also have Delaware and New Jersey, which are probably blue as well. Kamala Harris is so at 191 electoral votes, filled in for the vice president, both with the solid and probable states currently. We will now then turn now to the likely states for Trump, who will win by 7 to 15 points. Starting in the Midwest with Iowa and Ohio, two states clearly likely to vote for the former president for a third time, we are going to, in both 2016 and 2020, he prevailed both of them by 8 to 10 points. Once more, Joe Biden was competitive in these states, but he lost them by about the same margin as Clinton lost four years ago. And Kamala Harris won't even be getting near in 2024. Ohio and Iowa have lost their competitiveness. Trump most likely will be able to win both of these states by 10 percentage points or more. Finally, down south, we have two more likely red states. We will start in Texas, 40 electoral votes. Although Trump is going to win Texas for a third consecutive time, the previous president stands to get a sizable gift. When Mitt Romney beat Obama here in 2012, he became the last Republican to triumph by a clear margin. Trump has not performed as well though, in 2016 and 2020, Texas usually is shifting to the left. It hasn't been from strongest state during the last eight years. Still, he is definitely going to prevail. Based on his biggest margin yet, he most likely will be able to prevail. Like Iowa and Ohio, Texas is most likely to fall to Trump by a 10-point margin. Florida comes next. Among the most competitive states in the nation, this used to be, given how many electoral votes it carried, it was always discussed as a must-win for both contenders. It always turned back and forth between red and blue, but that is no longer the case. Though in reality, Joe Biden performed worse than Clinton did when she lost Florida back in 2016. He was supposed to win the state. And Trump is going to prevail in Florida today by little over seven points. On this map, it will be the last probably state. Trump thus keeps his advantage with both the solid and probably states filled in. He presently has 219 electoral votes. We will now color the lean states for both contenders. Two and seven points will govern these races. Although they might vote anyway, one contender still has a small advantage. We shall thus begin with the lean blue states starting in New Mexico. Kamala Harris most likely will win the state by barely under seven points. In the recent elections, Joe Biden prevailed by 11. Though the decline is still significant, the vice president is still the preferred choice in the state, a condition absent from any Republican since 2004. Kamala Harris is also favored in Minnesota, although this is mostly because to her choice of Governor Tim Walls as her running partner. Should she not have, Minnesota very likely would have become a tilt state supporting either Harris or even Trump. And looking at the state's polling, Harris leads by just 4.7%, even running under the literal governor. Running in 2020 with Kamala Harris as his vice presidential candidate, who is not from anywhere near Minnesota, Joe Biden was able to win the state by a projected seven point margin. And thus this is yet another aspect of Harris failing Biden from four years ago. Minnesota will so likewise be inclined toward the Democrats, lean. In the Northeast, we have two potential states from 2020 that will be lean. New Hampshire and Maine are likely to vote for the vice president, but not by as great of percentages as they did for Democrats in the past election. We then lastly have the Commonwealth of Virginia. This race is one I will be keenly observing over the next three weeks. It is clearly becoming competitive. Trump has absolutely a nonzero probability of winning here. Actually, I would guess his chances lie at about 20%. Donald Trump can flip Virginia. A state Republicans won the governorship back in 2021, though no Republican has held Virginia since 2004. Usually Virginia has been moving right, but Harris simply scores six points today. In his last race, Joe Biden prevailed in the state by a double digit margin. Furthermore, if you additionally review the polling here, two recent left leaning polls released explain why she is up by such a great margin. Virginia should so go to Harris by perhaps two to five points as well. Though I'll keep you all informed on the state's race, it could possibly be less than that. On the map meanwhile, it will be lean Democratic for now. Harris is the extremely modest favorite in Nebraska's second district as well. We so find a rather familiar map if we clear that from the path. Just the seven swing states at last. Though Harris's performance has been so bad that many of these states are just as competitive as states like Minnesota and Virginia that Biden easily won in the past. These states are supposedly the most competitive on the map. And so now delving further into these last seven states, we will begin with Arizona, a state Trump lost in the last election. Biden actually scored three tenths of a percentage point. Going all the way back to 1996, this was the first time the Republicans missed Arizona. Furthermore, merely using common sense here, Kamala Harris cannot truly win a state Biden won by such a narrow margin. Biden performed really nicely in 2020, really. Not in over 30 years, he was able to challenge an incumbent. Turning now to polling today, Donald Trump leads the state by 1.1%. He is very definitely the favorite. Really, just look at this poll distribution. He leads practically every single one of them. Apart from a very brief moment at the Democratic Convention when she peaked, Kamala Harris never led in Arizona. But Trump has been ahead ever since, able to maintain his lead. Arizona will turn out to be lean Republican. I expect the polling here will understate Trump once more. And I see the former president en route to win the state by perhaps two to four points. In Georgia meantime, our tale is somewhat similar. In the past two elections, it supported Trump with quite similar numbers. He visited Trump five years ago in 2016. Arizona visited Trump for 3.5. Arizona visited Biden in 2020 at 0.3. He also defeated Georgia 0.24. Georgia was the most competitive state in the whole contest. And now it is likewise on course to turn red once more, same like Arizona. On the polling average, Trump leads by 0.5%. Biden guided for 1.24 years ago. Trump's performance thus has already been far better than it was versus Biden in the previous contest. And when considering the poll locations here, Trump leads in an astounding majority. Trump has also been ahead virtually all during the election season. Clearly, the Republican hands will continue to hold the peach state. It is still conservative overall. Brian Kemp most certainly gained his reelection as governor by a margin. Georgia will so be returning to Trump. He will score two to three points to win it. This is the lone swing state voting for Trump in both of the past two elections located up in North Carolina. And once more, the Tar Heel state is poised to support the former president. On the polling average, Trump leads by 0.5%. Still, just review the 10 most recent state polls. Apart from this Atlas Intel poll, all of them. Other from the three ties, Trump leads in every single one of them. Harris is not ahead and even one. Kamala Harris also has never led North Carolina. Furthermore, given how much polls exaggerate Democratic support, Harris truly has no chance in the real elections if she cannot even lead here. And North Carolina is likewise headed toward red. Trump most likely will be able to win this state by three to five percent points. Trump is thus just eight electoral votes from the presidency currently. He requires one more state only. Not Nevada. It can be either Wisconsin, Michigan or Pennsylvania, not Nevada, since it just lacks sufficient electoral power. Furthermore, Trump has passed one three of these states. Actually, he won all of them against Hillary Clinton by slim percentages back in 2016. And he just needed one of them at that point as well. We still have one more lean state remaining too. For Donald Trump, this is quite welcome news. Just over two percentage points reveals the former president carrying the keys to the Pennsylvania state. Although he leads by zero point three in the polling average, this won't stop me. Pennsylvania will vote for Trump by a more margin than the average poll result indicates. Hillary Clinton was predicted to win the state by eight point two point two in 2016. After all, she lost it totally at last. Biden was expected to take home the state by seven in 2020. Ultimately, he won it by barely one point two. Trump lately started leading once more, even when Biden was still running before his catastrophe of a debate performance. The race has been somewhat tight. Still, Trump is definitely going to bring Pennsylvania back under his presidency. On our map, it will mark the last lean state. Now, with three states left, these will all be tilt states decided upon by less than one percent. We shall start in the Midwest with Wisconsin and Michigan. In the recent election, two states were polling with much overstated Democratic support. By six point three, Wisconsin was meant to be assigned to Biden. At zero point six, he finally secured the state. Michigan was scheduled to be assigned to Biden at seven point two. At last, he prevailed by only two point eight. And in Michigan, Donald Trump has been leading in the polls after trailing essentially from the time Harris entered the contest. Right now, Trump is once more the favorite. But he most obviously does not need this state. Actually, none of the three surviving states are ones he truly needs to win. Trump lags just zero point three percent in Wisconsin. Out of the five most recent state polls, though, Trump leads in every single one of them. In more than two weeks, Harris hasn't led the state. And shortly after this Marquette poll ends, Trump will lead here rather quite soon. And thus, looking at the average over the past few months, Harris has been ahead essentially from Michigan's entry into the race. She will soon be behind, though. And on November 5th, she will also lose Wisconsin. And so both of these states will remain under Trump. He is winning each of them by margins of about one percent point. And lastly, Nevada is a state no Republican has won since 2004. That Trump now leads in the polls average surprised me greatly. He leads Harris by zero point two percent. He leads by six, according to the New Wall Street Journal survey. I thus do have this absolute toss up state. I could fairly see either of the candidates winning. Nevada really doesn't matter all that much, though. It has six electoral votes just now. There is no situation when either Harris or Trump genuinely need Nevada. I thus don't anticipate them to campaign there very much in the next weeks. Still, given Trump's poll rise, I will temporarily mark it in the tilt red column. Should he be able to sustain this momentum? I do think he will be the first Republican to turn Nevada in two decades. And thus, with 20 days to go till the election, this is my revised 2024 electoral estimate. With 312 electoral votes, Donald Trump readily secured reelection by his highest margin yet, Kamala Harris at just 226, the worst Democratic performance since 1988. I really appreciate you folks watching. Right now, make sure you enjoy, comment, and subscribe. For more material like this, heading up to the November election.