 Former President Donald Trump is doubling down on his baseless claims surrounding the 2020 election. He touted the big lie during a rally in Arizona over the weekend. We have to hold these responsible elections. We have to hold those that are responsible for the 2020 presidential election scam. It was a scam. More is being found out and uncovered every single day, not only in Arizona, but all over the country. He addressed crowds of supporters during this event dubbed the, quote, rally for election integrity. Mr. Trump went on to praise the Arizona State Senate for its ongoing audit of the 2020 election in Maricopa County. He also took shots at the state Republican governor, Doug Ducey. His remarks come on the heel of an Associated Press investigation that identified fewer than 200 cases of potential voter fraud in the state from last year's presidential election out of more than 3 million ballots cast. The report also found only four of the cases have led the charges so far. That's far fewer than the 10,000 plus vote margin by which President Joe Biden narrowly beat Donald Trump in the state. Executive editor at the Tucson Weekly, Jim Nitzel joins us now. Nitzel joins us now with more. Jim, thanks so much for joining us. So before we dig into what the president, the former president said, let me get your thoughts on his statements and the perpetuation of the big lie. Well, I think that's what we're seeing here. We have this election review going on. It's an audit according to the Arizona State Senate, which has hired this group of cyber ninjas. They've been in the news to review the 2 million plus ballots that were cast in Maricopa County. And a couple of weeks ago, they came out with a hearing that no Democrats were invited to attend. The press couldn't ask questions, but they laid out a series of allegations that were quickly debunked by the Maricopa County officials who certified the election. A Republican led board of supervisors in Maricopa County certified this election and has been saying that this audit is completely off base. But President Trump came to Arizona this weekend and he repeated many of those debunked claims that of course once he does that, it gives it more oxygen. And a significant number of Republicans in the state believe there was something wrong with the election. So let's dig into this Associated Press investigation. You know, it found a little less than 200, I guess, issues of concern that could be sort of possibly fraud, only for actually most of the level of getting into the criminal justice system, though. Can I presume that that means the 200-odd, less than 200-odd cases that they looked at were not deliberate attempts at fraud and they were just sort of errors? Or kind of what came out of that investigation? So this involves people who cast an early ballot that they received in the mail and then showed up at the polling place to vote. And there could be a number of reasons for that. They could be elderly people who forgot that they sent in their ballot and then showed up on election day. It could be people who sent their ballot in at the last minute were concerned it wouldn't be counted, so they went down and voted on election day. And you even had President Trump saying, hey, vote by mail and then show up on election day. So it could have been some of his supporters. But, yeah, as you said, we haven't seen a lot of criminal complaints arising out of this. There was a woman in Scottsdale who is accused of casting a ballot for her dead mother as well as for herself because her mother died before the early ballots were sent out and then a ballot was voted on her behalf. But for the most part, this is, as you said, you know, as the AP reported, fewer than 200 cases involving this sort of chicanery. Now, the audit is saying that the Maricopa County allowed people to vote who shouldn't have been allowed to vote. They're saying that there were early ballots cast that there's no record for. But Maricopa County does have records for these things. They're saying that the ballots should have been folded and if they weren't folded, they were illegitimate. But if you're casting your ballot at one of the voting centers, you're not folding it up to send it through the mail. So the allegations are out there, but there's not a lot to actually support that. Right. There are 182 cases of potential voter fraud found there. The results confirmed by hand recount in several counties, including Maricopa. But then you've got the former president saying it was a scam. More is being found out and uncovered every single day, not only in Arizona, but all over the country. But that's not true. It's not true. The Maricopa County Board of Supervisors again has just said we're not even going to cooperate with this audit anymore because they've been accused of deleting databases. Again, not true. Again, accused of allowing all kinds. And the question has to come up. Why would all these people working in elections work so hard to somehow rig an election on behalf of Joe Biden or Mark Kelly, the Democrat who won the U.S. Senate? You need a massive conspiracy among all these election workers, and there's just no motivation to do that. And that's why you're seeing the Republicans who are actually involved in the election coming out and saying, no, none of this is true. The election was on the up and up. So in a statement, the former president called out Republican State Senator Paul Boyer, accusing him of trying to hold up the audit. Is there any evidence that suggests that he in fact was trying to do that? There, you know, Paul Boyer voted in favor of moving forward with this audit and then has had some buyer's remorse. He's been someone who was told the New York Times that the whole thing has been very silly, that these cyber ninjas don't know what they're doing, and that, frankly, he's embarrassed by what he's seeing unfold in Arizona. And so as a result, President Trump has turned his guns on him just as he did on Governor Doug Ducey. He's done the same thing to Attorney General Mark Burnovich out here, who actually is speaking the Democratic nominee or the Republican nomination, excuse me, to challenge Mark Kelly in that U.S. Senate race next year. And I think Mark Burnovich now has some real problems on his hands because he's the base of the parties that is turning against him as a result of President Trump's attack upon. Real quick, before we let you go, Republican state lawmakers have used Mr. Trump's unsusstantiated claims to justify the Maricopa County ballot audit and to try and pass legislation that makes it harder to vote by mail. Explain to our viewers how restrictive these measures are they're trying to implement. The Arizona legislature wrapped up work last month at the beginning of June. So a lot of these bills didn't pass, but there were a number of them out there. There was one that would basically allow the Arizona legislature to overrule the vote of the people in Arizona and choose their own presidential, choose the electoral vote for Arizona no matter what the voters did. That was defeated. There was one that would require you to include some kind of paperwork when you return your early ballot, which of course is a way of disqualifying early ballot voters who don't include that. That also failed. What they ended up doing is casting a law that allows you to, that requires actually county recorders to kick people off the early ballot list if they don't vote in enough elections in between each presidential election. So that was probably the most damaging thing that came out of that for people who generally just voted in presidential elections. They're going to have to sign up for that early ballot list every time from now on rather than just having their ballots sent to their home. Jim Nitzel, thank you so much. Always a pleasure. Thank you, guys.