 Hey there folks, hope you're doing well today. Wanted to come with an interesting video. This has to do with people out of, I believe it's out of Phoenix, Arizona. Either way, it's Arizona Republicans for Harris. And so really interesting to kind of hear their ideas, see that these groups exist in these swing states or, you know, again, I think of Arizona as a red state. But it's interesting to see and hear from people from the other side who are now coming in voting for Harris. And this isn't something you see too often on Donald Trump's side. We don't see Democrats for, for Trump. Let's take a listen. That Republicans are saying that that is not our party, that Donald Trump does not represent us, that we have to find a leader that we are proud to vote for to become the president of the United States. So January 6 makes Donald Trump absolutely unfit for office. I never imagined in a million years that something like that could happen. To keep democracy here, especially after January 6, that their insurrection. So we want the Republican party to go back to having normal candidates, candidates that respect the rule of law. And we're trying to push for Harris, who we believe will uphold law and order and protect our elections. And we think she'll be a great president. So it's interesting. We heard a few different ideas there. The first lady had spoken about feeling abandoned by the party, that the party had gone in such a direction it no longer represented her. And the second young lady really had an issue with January 6, which I think is going to turn a lot of people away from Donald Trump. And hopefully we're going to see that in this upcoming election. And then finally, the third gentleman just, just wanted to kind of sound like he wanted to go back to normalcy. Something so many of us desire, me included. Let's keep listening. As a former teacher of 11 years and a mother of six children, I strongly believe in having a leader here in the United States that is a leader of civility and respects the rule of law. And it's not just a leader that I am proud for my own children, for our community, but also for the global world as well. I couldn't agree more. It's adult time and Donald Trump needs to sit at the kids' table, or better yet, in jail. Single-handedly, Donald Trump single-handedly changed the Republican Party for what it was. And to be honest, I don't know if I can ever go back. At this point, it seems like the divide is too big. And it does really sadden me to see people have no party at all. I think this is something after this election we need to fix. And maybe it's we have three parties, those folks who are a little more left and liberal, those folks who are a little more right and conservative, and then a bunch of crazy people who wear red hats so we know how to spot them. I would say that who Donald Trump character is does not align with the type of person that I want to be as a disciple of Jesus Christ. I want to be someone who treats people with respect. But now this part here is big for me. And it's not about the God part. What it's about is being true to your morals and values, like actually standing for your morals and values. And when you see things that aren't aligned with your morals and values, standing up against those things, even if it's standing against your own party like this poor lady is doing. I also think this is very important for us going forward. There needs to be some form of grounding. We all need to agree on the same facts. And then we all need to come together and realize we all want what's good, and that there's compromise involved, and that we need to work together to find solutions, not get divisive and turn against each other.