  Morning everyone, it is Maya here. It is 8.26 on Halloween! And I am up early walking Monty because I'm going to a Harris rally today. Me. On a rally. You know how I feel about crowds, but I've been phone banking for her for the past last week this week. And I'm trying to do my part. I wasn't gonna go because I was like, oh my god, no, I can't go that alone. But my mom's friend texted me about it and I was like, oh, I'll go if you're going. So we're gonna go together while we're meeting there. It's 40 minutes away. It starts at 10 a.m. I'm supposed to be there at 9 30, which is hard because I go to bed at 3 because Tez works night shift. So I'm sleepy. So I'm giving Monty's walk. We're gonna head back in. I'm gonna get dressed and then get some dutch rose on the way. I was trying to lean towards like, am I doing Halloween? Am I doing pink and green? I'm leaning towards pink and green because I have a vote hat. You know, I don't I wasn't planning on doing anything for Halloween so I don't have a costume at all because you know, and I would wear my leopard print tracksuit, but it's dirty because I wore it on Saturday to drive to LA. So, you know, unless I go pink tracksuit and just be like, why 2k? But like, you know, boring. I might as well just wear what I was planning on wearing. So we'll see. I have my outfits laid out. I have some traces. But yeah, it should be pretty interesting. So I figured why not do a short little vlog? Because voting is so important and we have to do it. And to be honest, like, yeah, there is someone running who I don't like at all and I think he's terrible, awful, no good. But if that's who you feel represents your views and you want to vote for, I still feel like you should vote. I think everyone should vote. I think it should be mandatory. I don't think we should have an option about it. I think it should just be like way more accessible, way easier so we can do it easy and everyone can really get like 100% voter engagement. Obviously, that's not the way the world is for reasons because they're trying to disenfranchise our vote. So for me, as a Black person, as a woman, I'm a vote. So last week I put together how I'm voting all down the ballot, sent it to everyone in my family because they never know and they don't do the research and I do the research. But yeah, it's really important to do your part. So let's get into it. Guys, we're parking! Holy shit, there's a lot of people and they're selling shirts and all the things. So it's about to be crazy. He's giving out free shirts. Piece of shit, sons of bitches, GOP. Inmate 45. Oh, we're moving guys! Oh, GOP, Tracy! Don't beat Asians 45. Oh my gosh, okay, put it on. Let's see. Oh yeah! Let's go democracy and then it says, boy, bye! I like this. Mine is much shorter. We want to go over to be in the center. I'm taking pictures in a tail. Go democracy. Seriously? Hello Phoenix! Are you all ready to prove that the top team presidency runs through Maricopa County? He threatens to gut Social Security and Medicare. An independent report found that his Project 2025 agenda would deplete Social Security in 6 years. And folks, the question is, do you want a criminal or a prosecutor? We are so wonderful together here today to welcome the next President of the United States, Kevin D'Ar President Elizmo Iiduripan. From which zero point will be greater than Law? Will the We have one job to do. Get out the vote. We're not going to turn the page. We're not going to turn the line up. We're not going to get invited to test. Hello Arizona. It is so great to be with all of you. We're so excited about this election. And I know it's not just because the TV ads and the text messages will stop. I asked Arizona to put sanity over chaos yet again. And we did. I canceled $2 billion of medical debt for a million Arizonans. Without those 17,000 votes, Arizonans right now would be living under a civil war era abortion ban. Without those 17,000 votes, our very democracy would be threatened with Trump's chief election denier in charge. The fight for our democracy didn't end in 2022. It's ongoing right here and right now. Yet again, the nation's eyes will be on Arizona. Yes, you will decide if Donald Trump or Kamala Harris will be the next president. It is us who will decide if abortion bans continue to restrict our fundamental freedoms and if indicted faith electors and insurrectionists will continue to control the agenda at the Capitol. And this November, the choice couldn't be more clear. It's time to put an end to Trump's darkness. We won't be on the committed and beyond the bullying and short a new way forward with Vice President Harris and Governor Walz. They are committed to lowering costs, protecting our rights and ensuring that we all have an opportunity not just to get by, but to get ahead. So Arizona, once again, we need to get out the vote. We will protect the right to abortion in our state's Constitution. We will protect the right to abortion in our state's Constitution. It is so great to be here. Thank you. He's going to lower housing costs. We need you to do this today. This community right here in South Phoenix, this community has the power to decide who the next president of the United States is. It is a really big deal. You could decide who the next president is. And if we work harder over the next five days, we're going to turn the page and move this country forward. Thank you very much. Thank you. What a great concert. So for my daughter, Isla, who deserves the same rights that her grandmother had, let's fight for her. But just to survive another day for her kids to make it into the future, let's fight. Our freedom and our future and the only way forward, the only way forward is to elect Kamala Harris as our next president. Well, a bit. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,