 Welcome to Battleground, where we're laser focused on the final days of the 2024 election with the help of local reporters in the key swing states that will determine whether Donald Trump or Kamala Harris will be our next president. First up election integrity in Arizona. A look at the voting process from beginning to end and what the state's election chief is doing to ensure a fair election. Plus, a closer look at election boards and all seven of our swing states. What we'll be watching for on election night and beyond then why the war in Ukraine continues to resonate with the sizable population of Ukrainian American voters in Pennsylvania. We'll take a closer look. I'm S. E. Cupp and with 13 days until the election, this is Battleground. But to each of you, huge thank you took time out of your busy lives. You came here. You came here because you believe in the promise of America and you believe in the democracy. It's great to be with the next vice president of the United States, Tim all and in just two weeks time, whereas we used to stay in the Marine Corps 13 days in a wake up, we're gonna make Donald Trump the next president United States. Tim walls appearing in Madison, Wisconsin with former President Barack Obama on Tuesday while J. D. Vance was vying for votes at two stops in Arizona. In Arizona, early voting has been underway for two weeks now and will continue through November 1st. In 2020, the state was decided by just over 10,000 votes and incredibly thin margin given the more than 3.3 million votes that were cast. As we say a lot around here, it's very likely Arizona will be keeping us up late on election night and it might even be days later until we know the results. For more on the race in Arizona, I'm pleased to be joined by john hook from Fox 10 and Phoenix. Once again, john, good to see you. That's so good to see you. Okay, we're now two weeks. Into early voting in Arizona. What can you tell us about the number so far? What have you been keeping an eye on as those votes pour in? Okay, Maricopa County, as you know, is the lion's share of the vote in Arizona. 62% of the vote out of Maricopa County. That's Metro Phoenix. The next largest would be Pima County, which is Tucson. That's only 15%. Whoever wins Maricopa County generally wins the election. I mean, that's just the way it goes. Yeah, we've got some numbers. Let me share them with you. 689,000 votes returned that favors a dem turnout of 20% Republican turnout of 19% looking at all the visits here to Arizona, Maricopa County and in Tucson from all the candidates, all four and surrogates. It tells you that everybody is worried and thinks Arizona is definitely played Trump's here in a couple of days. That's right. And this week, Republican County supervisor who refused to certify the 2020 election pled guilty for failing to perform her duties. Are there any new rules in place in Arizona this time around to prevent delayed certification? Well, I think the Attorney General Chris Mays kind of drew a line in the sand with Peggy Judd and Tom Crosby. They're in Cochise County in southern Arizona. They're the ones out of the three supervisors there. They're the two Republicans. They refused to certify the election in 2022. She ended up entering a plea agreement. Peggy Judd did and she said, Okay, I'm gonna certify. She did it kind of grudgingly saying, Well, why am I here as a supervisor? If you're gonna if you're gonna force me at gunpoint to certify an election, I've got questions about, but they were up against it at the end of 2022. They had to certify to get Cochise County founded. So Attorney General Chris Mays stepped in and forced their hand. And john, you did a really deep dive on the voting process there by following a ballot from beginning to end. Before we get you to unpack that for us, let's watch part of that piece. Maricopa County Recorder Steven Richard insists the system is secure. Now, this barcode does a few things. This barcode is what allows you to track your ballot. So if you sign up for text message alerts, email alerts or if you go online to be ballot ready dot vote, you can track your ballot through all stages of the process. But it also is what allows us to track you as a voter. If you asked for a different ballot packet or if you showed up in person, then we would say you've already voted because that is tied to your voter registration profile. It's so important that people see the process behind the scenes. So I'm so glad you did this. What were your biggest takeaways from this reporting? I think this system in Maricopa County is robust. I'm gonna get blowback on that. But we did a deep dive. We followed the ballot from beginning to end a mail in ballot. And remember, that's the lion's share of the vote. Now in Arizona, it's 70 80%. People are doing that. They like the convenience. You know, we tried to follow how secure is this system. And what I was struck by, and this is really important at every step in the process, there are Republican representatives, Democrat representatives from the parties and independence watching every step of the way on that process. So if anybody saw something untoward, they're not only urged to raise an objection, it's required. And the party certainly would do that if they think they're getting played. Sure. So I was amazed at how many how many party people are involved in this watching every step from arrival to counting to going through the tabulators. All of that is checked signature verification as well. And john, we've talked about the Arizona citizenship requirement here on battleground. Is it your sense that most voters are aware of everything they need to vote? Yes, I think so. And basically, you know, the rule in Arizona is we have required that you prove citizenship now to get state benefits and to vote. But because people got in under the wire before 1996 with their license, there are about 200,000 voters in Arizona who say by penalty, penalty of perjury that they are citizens, but they just don't have the documents. This would be people on the reservations, the tribal lands. There would be people in college students who might not have their IDs with them like a birth certificate. Um, and by the way, that that number favors Republicans about 38% to 27%. So it's not really a partisan issue. But you know, they're trying to clean this up and they will after this election. But for this election, you know, you've got to have ID to give go in and vote. And if you can't produce that, you get a ballot and then they'll check it. So, um, that they're trying to, you know, you've got federal laws to not disenfranchise voters and that trumps some of the things we've tried to do in Arizona. John Hook with Fox 10 Phoenix. Thanks so much for that reporting. We appreciate it. Good to see you. I see you too. Up next, a closer look at why election boards and all seven of our swing states will play a major role in this race. But first, voters in Arizona weigh in on the election, which is now less than two weeks away. Battleground will be right back. Arizona is traditionally a red state. It's purple now and going blue. Arizona is a red state always has always has been always will be last election. We went a little bit more purple, which go Arizona. Finally, those who were true blue last time are still going out for the Harris campaign. Are you concerned at all with voter fraud? No, ballot stuffing. No, if they had come up with something, it would have come out. They really, I mean, they really looked for it. I mean, I mean, I know they found like when they found statistically nothing because I find Trump to be so unreliable in his information, his saying there is so much voter fraud, maybe believe in it less. We still live in a democracy and the results of an election should be accepted by the winner and by the loser. Welcome back to battleground. Swing state voters there talking about election security and integrity. Following all the false claims about the outcome of the 2020 election, there has been an enormous focus on state election boards in 2024, especially in our seven battleground states. Asia. BOGG has been tracking efforts by swing state election boards for USA Today. Asia. Good to have you here. Good to be here. Thank you. Let's start with election certification and Georgia because so much has been made of the election board there. What's the latest in Georgia in terms of certification this year? Yes, an important step in the process of getting election results is having local counties certify those results. There's been a lot of controversy in Georgia because the state election board has passed a series of last minute rules that critics say could cause delays or chaos. In Georgia, the deadline is just a week after the election. Um, and the secretary of state has said he's going to make sure that people meet that deadline. But there has been a lot of concern about whether deadlines are going to be met. How is he going to make sure that they meet that certification deadline? What's the what's the latest on that? Well, an option for him is to file a lawsuit basically to go to a court and try to get the court to issue an order compelling a local official to certify the results. Um, if the local official refuses, I've even talked to election law experts who say courts have powers to basically replace them or do something to make sure that those, um, those deadlines are matter. At least that certification happens and that state officials are ultimately able to meet their own deadlines when it comes to certifying results when it comes to picking presidential electors who match the person who actually won the state. So we definitely could see litigation. But but a lot of secretaries of states across the country have said they're going to file lawsuits. They're going to make sure that certification happens. And Asia, despite new laws on the books in several of the states that we're talking about in hopes of preventing issues this year, they haven't been tested yet in some cases. So what happens if one of our swing state governors refuses to certify the election or delays it past the certification date? You're right. There are new state election laws, and there's also a new federal election laws called the Electoral Account Reform Act, and Congress passed it a bipartisan group of people in Congress passed it in 2022. But there's no history of courts interpreting it. Um, it does make clear that governors unless a state appoints someone else in advance, governors have a firm deadline to pick presidential electors. But we haven't seen what would happen if that didn't take place. If there was sort of chaos afterwards, there is a fast track that the law created for courts to be handling this issue, including potentially going quickly to the U. S. Supreme Court. So we could see litigation. It's just that because the law is new, there is some uncertainty about how courts would interpret the law, what they would do with it. We just haven't seen that happened before. Right. I fear it's gonna be messy, but we'll be here to cover it all. Thanks, Asia. Back to you from USA Today for sharing your reporting with us. Thanks for having me. For more on all of this, visit us at battleground news dot com or click on the Q R code right here. You can sign up for our newsletter, download our interactive swing state map and find our social media links. And if you miss an episode, that's okay. You can catch up on YouTube or through our podcast and on both the USA Today streaming platform and on Zim. Okay. Up next, how the war in Ukraine is playing out for some voters in Pennsylvania. Battleground will be right back. Mhm. That is a war that's dying to be settled. I will get it settled before I even become president. If I win when I'm president elect and what I'll do is I'll speak to one. I'll speak to the other. I'll get them together. That war would have never happened. I believe the reason that Donald Trump says that this war would be over within 24 hours is because he would just give it up. And that's not who we are as Americans. Let's understand what happened here. If Donald Trump were president, Putin would be sitting in Kyiv right now. Welcome back to battleground. Kamala Harris and Donald Trump and in exchange during last month's debate about the war in Ukraine, Pennsylvania is home to a significant number of Americans of Ukrainian descent for whom the war has been deeply personal. Josh Rogan has been speaking to Ukrainian Americans in and around the Philadelphia suburbs, and he joins us now. Josh, good to have you here. Great to be with you. First of all, Josh, how many Ukrainian Americans are there here in Pennsylvania and remind us what the margin of victory was back in 2020, right? There are about 200,000 Ukrainian Americans in Pennsylvania, mostly in the Philly suburbs. Uh, and Joe Biden won Pennsylvania by less than 81,000 votes. And these are people who are blue collar. They're, uh, you know, suburban. They're not overly political, but they care passionately about their home country, especially during the war. And they come from a background where they've traditionally been Republicans because for the first 80 years after the World War two, that was the anti Soviet Party, but not so much anymore. So now they're torn, they're split, and it's pretty interesting. And when you visited many of the places these voters live here in southeast Pennsylvania, you found them pretty divided about this election. Talk about what you heard, why they're still kind of torn, why they're so divided. Right. One might think that since Vice President Harris is promising to continue to help Ukraine and President Trump is promising to not continue to help a to Ukraine, that it would be a pretty clear decision. But actually, it's not. A lot of them are still backing Trump because they believe the war would not have happened if he were president, that he's a tough guy or a deal maker or whatever it is that they've heard in their part of the media atmosphere. And in that community, they're also very socially and economically conservative. And so when you add that up, that could make the difference at the margins. Yeah, the math you just did, it could definitely make the difference. Now, did you get the sense in talking to these voters? Are they single issue voters in the past? They weren't. But you know, one of them said to me, nobody has done more to unite Ukrainians than Vladimir Putin. And after two and a half years of war, they're all involved. They all have family members of suffering. They all have friends who are fighting and dying. They're all engaged in helping them. They're helping refugees, they're sending aid. It's it's it's created this existential crisis in the community. They're just not agreed on who's best to address it. So yeah, most people don't vote on foreign policy. But Ukrainians are the exception because their people and their homeland is in a fight for its survival right now. And it depends on who becomes president. And, you know, that's what they're fighting over. And I mean, yeah, you don't, man, you and I have talked foreign policy a lot over many, many years. And I'm sure you lament these elections don't usually turn on foreign policy. This year might be different, though. I'm wondering, to your ears, what have both campaigns been saying, if anything, to speak to these specific Ukrainian American voters? Right. Well, the Harris and Trump campaigns have two completely different styles. The Harris campaign is all about getting high, big name celebrity sort of endorsers and, you know, making carefully crafted statements and speeches and public events that are meant to signal to this community that Harris would be better. And what the Trump campaign does is they get on the ground and they engage with people and the people in the community feel more, you know, seen. They also feel like they have access or at least they can buy access. And that gives them a stake in being on the Trump team. I wonder if Klitschko is going to get a call from the Harris campaign at some point, right? Finally, interference. Watch out for that foreign interference. That's true. That's true. Absolutely. You still, you know, the Trump people were working with the Polish president who came to Pennsylvania and all but endorsed Trump. And that was an issue, too. So there's 800,000 polls. So you just got to be careful about getting our foreign officials involved in our apps. Absolutely. Josh Rogan with Washington Post. Josh, thanks so much for your reporting. I appreciate it. Anytime. Up next, how Arizona is combating election disinformation this year. Battleground will be right back. Welcome back to Battleground. We talked about voting concerns in Arizona earlier in the show. The security and success of this year's election falls on the shoulders of one person, the Arizona secretary of state. And that will not be an easy task, given how much disinformation and rancor there was in Arizona four years ago. Stephen Overly is the host of Politico Tech, a daily podcast that explores the ways technology is disrupting politics and policy. Stephen, good to have you on the show. Thanks for having me. Yes. Okay. You recently sat down with the Arizona secretary of state. Tell us who he is and why his job is going to be so challenging this year. So the Arizona secretary of state is a Democrat named Adrian Fontes, and he is essentially tasked with overseeing elections across the state. And that means making sure polling places are really equipped for both early voting and for election day. But that job, as you said, has gotten more complicated, especially since 2020, because we saw that Arizona really was the epicenter for a lot of false claims about voter fraud and about election rigging. And so since Fontes was elected in 2022, a big part of his job has been preparing for things like cyber attacks, disinformation campaigns and really lawsuits and really other efforts to disrupt voting and call into question the integrity of the election results. We know that some of the secretaries of state on both parties have become targets themselves. Is he worried about, you know, being really at the center of this when things can go so wrong? I think he is. And you know, a testament to that is earlier this year they ran some exercises in Arizona trying to detect a I generated deep fakes and Secretary Fontes created an a I deep fake of himself and sort of use that as a way to test whether election officials and law enforcement would be able to tell, you know, if they receive fake video or fake audio depicting his likeness, all of these officials I expect to be targets. And so how do foreign entities play into the spread of disinformation in states like Arizona? I know we all hear about Russia and bots and everything, but really, how does that work? We're talking primarily about Russia. They will create boss claims about candidates or about the elections, and they'll try to get those claims to take off, right? Get Americans to buy into them and spread them as a way to sort of get us to fight one another and call democracy in our election integrity into question. And so, you know, that really goes back to as far as 2015. But you know, we've seen those efforts get increasingly sophisticated. To give you a quick example of that, just last month, the Justice Department revealed that Russian actors had been secretly paying online social media influencers, particularly conservative voices to spread false information that they did not know was coming from Russia, but in fact was. And so these operations have really gotten far more elaborate and at times harder to detect. And so I think these states are really trying to prepare for that in the weeks and really months ahead. And what kind of tools do those officials have to really combat this? So I mentioned kind of the exercises they've been running around AI generated deep fakes. You know, they've also been really working to fortify election systems against potential cyber attacks. And so, you know, when I talked to him, I think I was actually perhaps more cynical than he was. He was actually quite optimistic and I think felt like, you know, you can't prepare for every scenario. You can't prepare for every type of disinformation, but he felt that they were in a pretty good position to confront what they're expecting this election cycle. Well, that's good to hear. And I'm sure we'll be checking back on that after the election. Stephen Overly come back after the election and we'll talk about how this is all gone. Sounds great. Look forward to it. Okay. A reminder that early voting in Arizona runs through Friday, November 1st. That's it for now. I'm S. E. Cupp. See you next time here on Battleground.