 The official audit led by the cyber ninja guy began today. The cyber ninjas say they hired a subcontractor to actually physically handle the ballots. The CEO of cyber ninjas, who again, is the guy who proposed, who was the proponent of the theory that U.S. Army commandos in Germany stole the real election server and got into a war with the CIA over it. And the truth is out there. He says the company he's hired to handle all of the ballots has drawn their employees for this purpose from a pool of retirees to perform the recount. Wait, who's actually going to be handling the ballots? He says, don't worry, they're retirees. He says they're retirees of veterans, former law enforcement. No further details are available. No word on any training they may or may not have received to handle all of the actual ballots cast in the presidential election. But now they've got them. Meanwhile, journalists have been denied access to the arena where the audit is taking place. The only people allowed inside are that cyber ninja people running the audit and the retirees, the unknown retirees who have been hired to handle the ballots and a group of observers. And God bless local journalism. Here's your semi-annual reminder to subscribe to your local paper, because among the observers today was a reporter from the Arizona Republic named Jen Fifield. She volunteered to be an observer today of this Michigas, not necessarily because that's an appropriate way for the press to have to observe this thing. But the only other alternative was that no reporters would be allowed to observe it at all. So she got herself named an official observer of the process. By that means she was really the only reporter, as far as we know, who was able to get herself inside the room. She says that she and her fellow formal observers received no training for what they were to do today beyond being told to watch that the counters were recording the votes accurately. How are the volunteers supposed to know what that looks like? Who's to say? But shortly into her volunteer observer shift to watch the counters who are handling all the real ballots, reporter Jen Fifield noticed something that seemed quite wrong going on in terms of the way this is being conducted. Here's how she explained it on Twitter. She said, quote, I noticed the counters had blue pens. You're supposed to have only red pens when you are around ballots, since ballot scanners can read black and blue ink. Those blue pens the counters have could potentially be used to mark the ballots. Literally in Arizona's election handbook, it warns about this specifically. Here's the part in the elections handbook about procedures for conducting the hand count. Quote, hand count board members shall not bring cellular phones or other electronic devices or pens with black or blue ink into the official hand counting area. You're not even supposed to bring black or blue pens into the room because of the risk that they could be used to change ballots. But here's this Arizona Republic, Arizona Republic reporter, Jen Fifield, who sees the ballot counters all holding blue pens while they're recounting the ballots under the watchful eye of the cyber ninja guy who's been a online promoter of the QAnon conspiracy and all of the craziest stuff in the stop the steal movement. She says something to the cyber ninja guy about the fact that the counters have the blue pens. Here's what happens next. Quote, Doug Logan, the cyber ninja guy, is running this audit. He told me that his understanding was that blue ink was fine, that the ballots can only read black ink. Then he came back and said, actually, it seems I am correct. But he still seemed unsure. He said they would work on this. After that, Jen Fifield from the Arizona Republic was banned by the cyber ninja auditors from posting any further updates. And so she goes dark for the day. The only reporter inside the room today, as Arizona Republicans are doing that to the secure election of November 2020. They got their redo. They're doing it right now. She was the one reporter in there. The rest of the media was banned from even coming inside the building. The Democratic Party in Arizona filed a lawsuit yesterday to try to stop this from going forward in Arizona. They said the whole enterprise was illegal. Today, the judge in the case agreed to pause the audit over the weekend while the merits of their lawsuit were considered. But that pause came with an odd price tag. The judge told the Arizona Democratic Party that if the audit was going to be paused, the Democratic Party in the state would have to pay a million dollars to cover any costs associated with the delay. The cyber ninja guy, the cyber ninja CEO running the audit up until now has refused to say how much the audit will cost in total. Part of the controversy about the audit is that he's not only taking taxpayer money to do it. He's also taking private donations from undeclared sources to carry this out, which means, you know, Trump supporters could be paying for the cyber ninja's company to run an Arizona recount about whether or not Trump won the election. Anyway, somehow the judge in this case decided today that a delay would cost the cyber ninja company upwards of a million dollars and Arizona Democrats had to indemnify them against that by putting up the money up front. Arizona Democrats refused to do that. And so the audit is supposed to be back on. It's supposed to continue through this weekend. That dust up in court today was not for nothing. However, the judge also did say today that the Republican state Senate, which ordered this audit and the cyber ninja company, the hired to do it, the judge ordered today that they must file written documentation of all the procedures being followed as part of the audit so the judge can review them and make sure they're all in line with the law. The judge ordered that the audit workers must comply with existing Arizona laws around elections, which means they must stop, for example, using blue or black pens while they are recounting the ballots. Indeed, when Arizona Republic reporter Jen Fifield emerged from her weird volunteer shift this evening, she had this to report before dashing to meet her print deadline. She said, quote, one quick update. They switched to green and red pens. Joining us now is Jen Fifield, reporter for the Arizona Republic, who has had a most unusual day of reporting. Miss Fifield, thank you so much for being here. I imagine this has been a pretty strange day. Definitely. Thank you so much for having me, though. Let me ask if I characterize this observer role correctly. It is a source of great consternation among major news sources in Arizona. I know that reporters are being barred from just directly covering this process the way that journalists normally would in a normal recount. Instead, the organizers of this has said that you needed to sign up essentially to be a participant in it in order to in order to be able to witness what was happening. And that's how you got in the building. Is that is that the correct way to describe it? That's correct. We were told that we needed to serve the full shift. And while I was there, I was to be an observer and not a reporter. And that's part of the crackdown halfway through my shift. They came up and said, no posting updates. We don't want any blogging or posting news reports during this year to be an observer. Were you allowed to keep your phone? Is that how you were able to tweet from inside the facility? We were told no notepads, no note taking while we were in there. We didn't have our phones. We didn't have any electronic devices. So I had to lock everything up in a locker just outside of the counting room. And I could go out and take breaks. And I was filling it with filing updates with my editor as I went up until I got shut down. Wow. Let me just ask about sort of your level of concern when you were there. You were in this very unique position where there aren't other reporters being allowed in to watch this. It's not a process that the press is being allowed to observe. It also seems to be a process that is not being conducted the way that other recounts have been conducted. Not only that very alarming reporting that you did about the color of the pens that the counters were using, but also the fact that it's being run by this private company that doesn't appear to have any experience ever doing anything like this before. Just how unusual is the process that is happening there that you were able to see today? This is definitely a first of its kind process, at least in Arizona. I don't know that we've had a full recount of ballots ever. And so that makes it a very high stakes process. Elections are very complicated. And so you need people there overseeing the process who know how audits work, who know how to count ballots, how to keep track of ballots. And the fact that I'm the only journalist in there, journalists have a wide range of what they know. I know a lot about the election, but other reporters might have caught other things in there. So we're still fighting to get better access. Do you know if you'll be able to go back in, if you'll be allowed back? I'm not sure at this point I might be able to sign up as an observer again. That's the closest I might get. I know that a coalition of news organizations in Arizona have been working with an attorney to try to negotiate our access. Jen Fifield, reporter for the Arizona Republic, doing some intrepid work today in a really strange environment, operating with really strange constraints, but reporting out something that was of huge importance about what you viewed today, despite the narrow lens you were given to look through. Ms. Fifield, I really appreciate your time tonight. I hope you're able to get back in. And I hope this process gets to be something that other reporters get to see too. Thank you so much. All right. I will tell you this Arizona story, like I said, I did not expect to be seeing it, to be covering it again tonight after we covered it last night. It is obviously strange. It's laughable in lots of ways, but the president, former president Trump, put out a statement today lauding this and talking about how this was going to reveal the truth of the 2020 election, inciting a whole bunch of other states that are also going to now do this, to reveal the truth of the 2020 election. And he's still maintaining this fantasy that he somehow won and that Joe Biden isn't really the president anymore. He's not the legitimate president. What the Arizona Republicans are doing here, this process by which they are bastardizing the actual secure election from November 2020, and they're going to produce some results that says that it was some other fraudulent thing, will be used by the Trump part of the Republican party and the Trump right to cast out on the 2020 election among their most fervent supporters in a way that none of their failed lawsuits in the past have been able to do. They got the actual ballots and they handed them to conspiracy theorists who say that QAnon is the mastermind or whatever it is that they need to use to stop the steal. I mean, the craziest parts of the pro-Trump conspiracy theory world have the actual ballots and are going to declare that something different happened in the election in Arizona than what really happened. And that will become a lie that they try to live on and build on for a long time to come. You watch. This is a ridiculous story that will become very dangerous in the long run. Hey, thanks for watching our YouTube channel. You should know that you can follow today's top stories and breaking news and catch up on your favorite MSNBC shows all in one place. Download the NBC News app today.