 Well, ladies and gentlemen, we've known for the past few weeks of Donald Trump's surge in Arizona. We've got internal people saying Donald Trump very likely to win Arizona. When you look at the big seven swing states, Arizona seemingly is the one trending most in either direction. And that's trending towards Donald Trump. You can see recently we've got Trump at around a 66% chance to win the state, according to betting. And if there's a lot update here, you can see recently Trump has really expanded his lead. But even here, I mean, since late August when it was basically a toss up, you've got Trump up to around a two thirds chance to win the state. And again, it's not just the betting. You take a look at the polls, you take a look at the combination of Harris and the liberals really not investing. She did do a town hall last night, but not investing a ton of time in Arizona, Nevada. You look at the Sun Belt, it seems to be swinging to Donald Trump. And it's not just Arizona and the 11 electoral votes. It's also even Nevada, which was kind of seen recently as the one swing state that you could argue was swinging maybe in the direction of Kamala Harris based on the polling. Well, there have been some recent polls that have come out, maybe a few outliers, but Trump has been up in a number of them. And I wanted to see if it had really had an effect on the betting and it has had at least a little bit of an effect. You did have a Democrat Kamala Harris lead of about four or five points. It's been cut to basically a tie. You can see basically 50 50 at this point when you look at the state of Nevada. So we're seeing the trend where Arizona, Nevada, especially Arizona, trending to Donald Trump, Trump the heavy favor, I wouldn't say heavy, but the clear favorite in Arizona and possibly you look at the recent polls, a few polls where they update all seven swing states. Trump's got like a five, six point lead in a few polls in Nevada. I don't think that's going to happen in terms of what actually happens on election night. I think Nevada could be, if you look at the seven swing states, you could make an argument. It's the closest out of all of them. It's also the least important in terms of electoral votes, but still you're talking about six electoral votes. And I did see a map here that honestly, I really agree with pretty much everything here. When you look at the popular vote, Trump losing it by a point that seems pretty realistic. It's going to be 47.6 to 46.6. Obviously if that happens to where he loses the popular vote by just one single point, it's going to be, you would figure a relatively easy electoral college victory and you do have Trump winning every swing state here and it being split basically exactly how I expect it to be split with Trump taking every single swing state. Nothing really surprising happening. Trump not taking Virginia, although some people think maybe there's a chance there, it's probably not going to happen. Not taking Minnesota, although it should be close, maybe four or five points. We've seen some recent polls there and we'll take a look at the polling in both of these states. The recent polls in Arizona do have Trump up by half a point. You've got a few polls that have Trump up by two. You've got the wall street journal that has Harris up by two. There was that USA Today poll that had Trump up by six, but recently we're seeing a very nice trend in Trump's direction with many of these polls. I guess the Emerson is not in the aggregate anymore. That was Trump plus three. So that might be bringing him down a little bit in terms of this, but I would still say Donald Trump is pulling, especially relative to where he was in 2020. Well in Arizona, Arizona was very, very close. This date in 2020, Biden was sitting plus 2.7. You take a look at that final results. Listen, people don't remember 0.3 because Fox news called it really early and there was all that mess. Biden won it by 0.3. The final average was 0.9 for Biden. So when you look at the final average, that state was pulled pretty well. You know, you've right now you've got Trump sitting plus 0.5, obviously very close, but it wouldn't surprise me if we saw more positive movement in Trump in Trump's direction when it comes to Arizona and then taking a look at Nevada. You do now have Donald Trump because of that wall street journal poll with him being up by six with a very, very slight lead. But look at the comparison. This state in 2020 Biden was sitting plus six. What was the final result there? It was Biden plus 2.4. So he underperformed that pretty significantly when you look at the final result versus where we were this time in October of 2020. So Trump's made up significant ground there and he's also made up ground when you look at 2016. The final result there was also 2.4. So this has been a democratic state during the Trump years by around two points. It's a state that Trump can certainly flip for sure. And there is that positive pull again. We'll have to see if that's just a one off. I would certainly not expect Trump to win the state by five or six points. I think that's a bit ridiculous. But like even the recent polls that have Harris up, it's very, very close. Three points, one point Trump up by one Harris up by one. It's a state that Donald Trump can certainly, certainly, certainly win. And I would say right now you probably say about 50 50 chance when you talk about this state in the Sun Belt and then you look at Arizona being around a 65% chance. Things are looking pretty, pretty good right now. And that's that's an important 17 electoral votes. You get that it makes it that much easier. We know how important North Carolina and Georgia are. But still you can take Nevada. You can take Arizona. It just makes it all the more easier. And you can see, I mean, Harris was sitting plus one. I mean, these are just very all of these states are just so tight. They're so close, which you would figure is good news based off of the polling error that Trump normally gets. At least he's gotten in 2020 and 2016. Liberals will argue there's going to be a correction, but you can't really predict a correction. They'll say, well, look at the midterms. Well, the midterms are totally different. Trump's not even on the ballot in the midterms. How are you comparing midterms to a general election? That's just straight cope. So this is something that would not surprise me at all where you look at it. Trump sweeps all of the swing states wins all seven of them. Nevada ends up being like a half point victory for Trump. Trump wins Arizona by like two and a half points. Trump wins Wisconsin by like a point and a half. Trump wins Michigan by like point seven. Trump wins Pennsylvania by like a point. Trump wins Georgia by like two points. Trump wins North Carolina by like a point and a half. Like that's the margins we're looking at and then possibly losing the popular vote by just a point or maybe even under a point like forty seven to forty six, forty eight to forty seven, forty eight and a half to forty seven and a half, something like that. That would be my expectation when it comes to that. These and then we've got this clip. Let's see this. These liberals are school less on tariffs and why Trump's big bad tariffs are horrible. These are the same people that endorse an administration that's led up a twenty five percent inflation rate. But no, no, no, the tariffs are going to ruin us. That's where I draw the line. We can have a twenty five percent inflation rate. But if I have to pay twenty five more cents for toothpaste because it's produced in the United States. Oh, that's so bad. Let's see what they have to say about the Trump tariffs. So when it comes to Trump, do you dislike his policies or him as a person or both? I don't I don't dislike Trump as a person in the sense that I've never met the guy. So I think he has a lot of personality traits that make him completely unsuited to being president. And also I think his policy prescriptions to the extent that they exist and he understands them, which is a different part of it. A lot of the stuff Trump talks about. He still doesn't know how tariffs work. We're eight years into this thing, nine years in. He still thinks China pays the tariffs when they're paid by some talk about tariffs. Very confused. Very well, China indirectly gets hurt by tariffs. That is correct. American companies. The reason you do tariffs is you force the American companies to build their product in the United States. So we're not reliant on overseas shipments. We saw this exact same thing happen with the pandemic. So yes, China indirectly gets hurt when you put tariffs on it. And it does hurt the American companies because we're trying to not have the American companies outsource the jobs to China because it's cheaper. That's the whole point. So then if you put the tariffs on them, then they'll be more incentivized to make their goods in the United States. And again, these people, it's real rich to talk about the entire argument against the tariffs from liberals is that, oh my God, they're going to produce their products in the United States. They're not going to be able to use the Chinese slave labor and it's going to drive up the cost. Oh my goodness. You're the same party that's let up 25 percent inflation. Now you're going to school less and Pearl clutch about our goods costing too much. Really? That's real rich. Where was this energy when you had a 25 percent inflation rate under Biden? That's what it is. It's 20 to 25 percent on pretty much everything. So spare me the Pearl clutching from liberals about tariffs hurting American companies. Yeah, we don't want them outsourcing everything to China. So we're relying on China. China's already come out and said they've got a plan. They want to pass the United States economy. Why do we keep letting them in? It's obviously because of the slave labor and it's cheaper. You have to do something to have more product made in the United States and tariffs are a way to do that, even if it costs a little bit more. And a lot of the times, by the way, see, they just look at it in a vacuum. They don't really understand that when you put the tariffs on and you got all these companies now producing stuff in the United States because of capitalism and competitiveness, they're going to drive their prices down just by default because of the market. So these like these smug guys, Trump doesn't know what he's talking about. He's only a multi billionaire. He doesn't know how tariffs work. They you know, it's bad for American companies. Yeah, no shit. That's the whole point. We don't want American companies outsourcing for slave labor because it's cheaper. No shit. That's the whole point. And it's like this dude's an Einstein. Oh my God, he's going to school us on tariffs. Like it's just a and these are the same. These are typically 25 percent inflation rate man. Is that good for American consumers to have a 25 percent inflation rate? So our purchasing power is worth 20 to 25 percent less than it was in 2020. Oh, but no, no, no. The toothpaste might cost 30 more cents because it's not being made in Glogandog. No, no, no, you're right. You're right that you know what? We'll deal with the 30 week. We'll deal with 50 percent inflation rate as long as our toothpaste can be made in Glogandog and it costs 10 percent, 10 cents less. That's a lot better. But it's like you see the hypocrisy. Oh my God. My toothpaste is going to cost 10 cents more. We vote but don't worry about the 20 percent inflation rate. We vote for Kamala. We've only had and remember this is the same Kamala who said she's not going to do anything different than Biden. The inflation rate is their fault and they're still trying to school us on with Trump's big bad tariffs. He's going to hurt the American consumer because the companies are going to have to drive their prices up because they're going to have to pay people a real living wage rather than outsourcing to China for mass production where the Chinese workers there make like they're in sweatshops that make nothing. But no, no, no. People deal with the 25 percent inflation rate as long as my toothpaste gets made in in Beijing and cost three cents and there's a net surrounding the building when people try and I mean that's what's going on with this. But that's that's the thing with these tariffs and these people. It's just a spare minute. It's just ridiculous. God, we have trouble with moderate biological males. I mean, who is surprised about this? No, it's like it's like you say you hate men and then you and then you're like, why won't men vote for us? What if he said that? It's like they hate the liberals. Their viewpoint is they hate white men and now they're crying that white men vote won't vote with them and that white men are racist. I mean, I don't know what to say to that, but that's basically for credit party elites like Obama and like others have been viciously attacking Donald Trump since 2016 and everything they've said about him is what they have always said about him. And I don't think it's particularly effective right now. It's the same script. I think their problem isn't attacking Trump. Their problem is finding reasons to give people to support Kamala Harris. The stop he made in this plea he's making to African-American men. I mean, he said today he insulted them. I mean, he first of all admits that they're not enthusiastic about her. He said you just aren't feeling the idea of having a woman as president and you're coming up with other alternatives and reasons for that. And I think that's that's total crap. It really doesn't even have anything to do with it at this point. She's just not qualified. You know, the fact that Obama said that that is an insult. That's it's like saying you're too stupid to know. Oh, it's just it's pathetic. So, I mean, they're real desperate at this point and they know they're going to lose and that's why they're trying Obama out and he's desperately trying to talk to black men. It's real, real sad. But either way, guys, that is going to do it for this video. Make sure you follow me on X. Link to that's always in the description.