 Thanks for joining us everyone. I'm Jose Sosaya. We know there's two weeks left to go until election day and more high profile names in politics are stopping here in southern Arizona. Let's bring our Blake Phillips here joining us in studio breaking down what we expect to see from vice presidential candidate J.D. Vance's next trip happening today in Tucson, Blake. Well, it's very similar to what we saw just about two weeks ago when he was here last time, even the theme of today's rally hitting on those same key points, especially that big Trump campaign slogan of no tax on tips. But it's kind of copy and paste except for the venue. Today they're going to a different part of the Pima County Fairgrounds. The last visit was over at the Tucson Speedway. Hundreds of people had to be turned away. So one part of the visit today is probably allowing some of those people that got turned away to actually hear what the senator has to say. And another thing that we have heard from parties lately is a focus on Gen Z voters. So ahead of the rally today, I wanted to reach out to the student Republicans at the University of Arizona to get their thoughts on how the Trump team is handling Gen Z voters. There has been a specific outreach by not only the national campaign, but even down to Kerry Lake and other people down ballot that they're actually making overtures to fraternities and actually touching on Greek life, which in my state, the U of A, but also just harkening back to people in the past several years, hasn't really been a feature of the Republican Party. And so they're actually making more so of an outreach than ever before. So I was able to confirm that Vance is set to land here in Tucson at around three o'clock, doors open at the fairgrounds just a bit earlier around 2 30. But J.D. Vance is not set to take the stage until around 4 30 later this afternoon. And we were also able to confirm that he is making a stop on the south side after his rally at the Lecius Mexican Grill. Now he is scheduled to leave Tucson by about 640. But when it comes to these big events, we've seen it a lot lately. When it comes to traffic, you get those rolling roadblocks specifically today, obviously from the airport to the fairgrounds and then to the Delicius Mexican Grill, then back to the airport during that window of time. If you can avoid that south side, southeast side area, just, you know, especially on your commute home around that time, maybe a little bit difficult. But the good news, we are two weeks away from election day. The light is at the end of the tunnel. But all these visits are just making it more and more apparent about how important Pima County is to this election. Back to you, Jose. Now, Republicans are not the only ones with events lined up in Arizona. We've now learned Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Walz will be in Arizona on Saturday. Now, today, U.S. Senator Mark Kelly, we know, headed to Sierra Vista, part of a Democratic party campaign tour to stop in more rural communities. Kelly's staff tell us that he was wanting to connect with farmers, military veterans and their families ahead of election day. Now, for tomorrow, former President Bill Clinton will be in Phoenix hosting a rally for the Harris-Walls campaign. Clinton was the first Democratic candidate in a generation to carry Arizona when he won the state in 1996. President Biden has been the only other Democrat to win the state since. And we know he is heading to Phoenix on Thursday. The White House says he'll actually be speaking to the Hilo River Indian community on Friday.