 of the former VP Joe Biden. We are continuing to wait for more updates right here on the news now from Fox. But we do want to go out to Arizona right now, where we are going to be getting an update from Fox 10's Daniel Miller about everything that she is seeing on the ground there in Arizona talking about the vote there that continues to be counted in Maricopa County and the rest of the state. Here is a live look right now. And we do see our Daniel Miller right there. How you doing, Danielle? And what's the latest in Phoenix? We see a lot of supporters there. President Trump there. Hey, Mike. Yes, that's right. We're outside of Phoenix City Hall right here. There's a few dozen supporters for the president out here. I'm gonna take a step out of the way so you can see exactly what's going on here. As I mentioned, just a few dozen people out here, a lot of people chanting, holding signs. A lot of these people concerned with the counting as it stands right now. But the people I spoke without here say they're confident that the president will actually win the state of Arizona once all the votes are count out here. A lot of people, as I mentioned, Mike holding their signs, waving flags. A lot of people driving by honking their horns, showing support for these Trump supporters out here this morning. So they say they're gonna be out here for most of the morning, just showing their support, waiting for more numbers to trickle in to kind of see how the state goes. Mike. Yeah. And what are they saying? Danielle about, uh, obviously they're happy that the voting is continuing to be counted. But are they do they want it sooner rather than later? The results is that what they're just there to support as well? For the most part, the people I spoke with Mike are basically upset that, that, you know, a few people have reported that the state has gone to Biden. They're concerned about that. They're saying they want the official count before any race is called officially. So that's kind of what the people are most upset about here. They want to see the numbers continue to trickle in here to see which way it goes. But the people I spoke with are confident that the way the numbers have dumped in so far, they say they are confident that the president Trump will in fact take the state of Arizona, keeping it red. And that's what President Trump campaign is also looking forward to as well. They want those numbers to continue to come in. They feel like they do have the votes there in Arizona to continue to flip it back to red there in the position for President Trump and Danielle also do we can we expect another seven p.m. Batch to be released? You know, Mike, I'm not sure exactly what time numbers will be coming in. I believe they're going to be coming in throughout the day. You know, yesterday they came in right around seven o'clock p.m. as well as 11. So I'm not sure if there's going to be any updated numbers this morning, but hopefully they will continue to be dumped in so we can see exactly which way the state's going to be going here. And as you can see here, it looks like there's a couple counter protesters out here, Mike. It's kind of hard to see. We have a few things in the way of us right here. But you can see these Trump supporters kind of going against this guy out here. Looks like he's a counter protester as far as the counter protesters. Looks like he's the only one out here. So it looks like things are kind of getting a little heated out here between the two with their exchanges. You can see a lot of the Trump supporters now filing in to come over here and say what they have to say to this guy over here who's kind of screaming across. But Mike, we do have a lot of police presence out here, police standing right in the middle, right between these Trump supporters and this counter protester as well. So looking how things are going here, everything so far has stayed peacefully on both ends. They're just kind of shouting at each other right now. So hopefully things remain calm. But as I mentioned, Mike, a lot of police presence. You can see an officer standing right there. Two officers actually right in between both groups here. So hopefully things stay stay peaceful at the moment. All right. Thank you so much there. Danielle Miller reporting for us live in Phoenix, Arizona as election 2020 continues to roll on there as President Trump supporters continuing to wait for more results in Arizona to see if they can indeed flip it back to read there and really change up the race there and the vote count electoral count that we are seeing right here at 264 to 214 right now in favor of Joe Biden. I want to take you now out to Philadelphia, where at any moment we will be getting an update from the President Trump campaign. Pam