 She's going to the wrong spot. She's in Arizona, but the number one crossing sector is San Diego sector. We've had more than 150,000 illegal immigrants released onto our streets in the past year alone. We have camps literally in back country in San Diego, creating all sorts of environmental and public safety hazards. She's going to the dressed up part of the border to pretend like there's no crisis. Kamala Harris, come to San Diego. Come to San Diego and see what your administration's policies have brought to our community. So after being in office for nearly four years, after being put in charge of the southern border and ignoring the problem, or you know what matter of fact that would be giving her too much credit. After doing whatever she could to make the problem worse at the southern border, Kamala Harris has now decided now that we are what about a month and some change away from the election. Kamala Harris has now decided to visit the southern border so she can do a little photo op and pretend you know like she actually cares about the issue. Pretend like she's going to be able to fix the problem, a problem that she created, a problem that she plans on making worse if she's elected, but right now she has to pretend. She has to pretend and a lot of her followers will follow up right along with her. Matter of fact, right now as we speak Kamala Harris's followers are praising her appearance and the boots she was wearing at the southern border. That's what they're worried about. They're worried about her outfit. They're not worried about the fact that criminals are pouring through the southern border, some of which are taking the lives of women and children all across America. I've covered plenty of these stories. As she was doing this little photo op, the border patrol union started calling her out and putting her on blast on social media. Here's one of their posts right here. Vice President Harris has ignored the border problem she created for over three years. She goes down there for 20 minutes for a photo op and decides to repeat some of the things the NPBC has said before. But again, where has she been the last three and a half years? And I think that's the question on all of our minds. At least those of us here, me and those of you watching this video, we all have that question. And if you ask me, this makes her look even worse. Going to the southern border a month is some change away from the election. After not ever showing up and doing your job this entire time, it makes you look even worse. At least in the eyes of those of us who are paying attention. Knowing that you're one of the one of the main people causing this problem. Knowing that you haven't been doing your job at the southern border, but now you're pretending to care just to get votes. It just shows that she's not a genuine person at all. But that's not all the border patrol union had to say. Let's go forward and read another post. VP Harris asserted in Arizona that CBP needed more resources. We have apprehended over eight million illegal immigrants over the last four years. And now you realize we need more help 38 days before the election. Yeah, it's almost as if this is all just a virtue signal in order to get votes. It's almost as if the Democratic Party realizes that a lot more Americans are waking up to the issues at the southern border. So now they got to pretend to be hard and tough and strict on the southern border. Now they got to take someone like Kamala Harris and make her flip-flop drastically on everything that she's been about. Everything that she's preached about and all of her policies for years. For example, she was one of the main people criticizing Trump's border wall. Now today, or by the time you're watching this video yesterday, she's at the border looking at the border wall. And she's talking about building more of the border wall. She's literally just taking plays out of Trump's playbook because they know that even though they demonize Trump and they talk a lot of crap about Trump, Trump's policies are popular. A lot of the stuff that Trump preaches about, even though there's a lot of people out there with TDS that hate him, a lot of the stuff that he preaches about, it hits home for a lot of Americans. Now a lot of them might not want to hear it coming from Trump's mouth, but they're issues that everyday Americans understand because we're living, you know, through this all. We're experiencing these issues on a daily basis. So they're copying a lot of Trump's policies and plans. But I just overall thought this was hilarious watching the border patrol union literally call out Kamala Harris as she's at the border for like the first time ever, 38 days out from the election. But for now, you let me know your thoughts about this down in the comments below. While you're down there, hit that thumbs up, hit that subscribe, ring that notification bell. And if you find yourself getting too worked up by all of this, remember it's just political cinema.