 I think just in time for my big birthday, this Arizona fraud it has happened. It took me the first hour to stop laughing. So I am at least able to speak now for Angela, but I don't know if you've heard that. The Arizona fraud produced 261 less votes for Trump than the original. So he lost Arizona how many times now, Jody? Five or six times. 11 billion. Exactly. And they, Joe Biden got 99 more votes than he got in the original Arizona count. This is from the right wing fraud. I love it. I love that. Stop the still paid and prove that again that Biden won the election. They picked. Thank you. Thank you. Trump just tweeted last night. Very big news tomorrow. Make sure you pay attention to the highly respected Arizona on it. Thanks. Thank you. We weren't paying for it. Right. Now Arizona has to pay millions to replace all these voting machines. I mean, we're just, we're still pissed out here at California for the $300 million they just cost us for this stupid Republican recall. Yeah. Yeah. For the same man. Yes. Yes. Who won by a bigger lens than he did in the original. Oh my God, for Angela. It's just right. How many millions did this? What was it? Insurrection two electric boogaloo that had tens of people at it. We paid millions of dollars for security. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And now what's Texas going to do? Have another scam audit. Yeah. By the way, I saved the story for you because I knew you would enjoy it. Is it spider or is it vodka related? This hour is not called triggering flangelis so I don't have to work because it's Friday and I'm tired. It's not what it is. A Capitol writer is claiming through his attorney that he accidentally stole officer Michael Fannone's radio and badge accidentally in a prep as you do in a press of bodies during the insurrection in a new motion seeking his release from jail. He alleges he was merely trying to help a wounded Fannone by pulling him to safety when he ended up with the badge and radio. Fannone lost consciousness and was hospitalized after the attack while this guy would later bury the badge in his backyard. As you do when you accidentally steal an officer's badge and as many, many black people have done and live to tell about it. Right. Just said, Oh, I'm sorry. Yes. Pranjal. I don't understand. I don't understand. Well, because this is the thing. It's like these words come out of their mouths and it's like either they, they think we're really, really stupid. Don't they? They think we're movable fools. They think, Oh, you know what? I accidentally stole it. It landed upon me. Because you don't know anymore what's distracting from what, but it's just, okay, it's bad news with the air so it frauded. Obviously it's subpoenas are flying for January 6th. Oh, subpoenas are flying. What I don't think it balloons. And then I went to call a lilies. But anyway, my point is for you, I just did line in winter. I just did Tina Turner. No, in a bag doing Fred Sanford. Well, sort of Fred Sanford though. I was thinking of the loons. Okay. What was I, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know where we are. Here's my point. I don't either. PENIS. Yeah. You're less than an hour from vacation. When she sees the loon. You've got vacation on the brain. Oh look, the subpoenas are flying. No. No. The subpoenas. Oh, and the loons are carrying. Ah. All right. That was good. That was good. That was great. It was like I was back on Golden Pond. That episode of Sanford. So when they went to the Golden Pond. Oh my God. Oh, look at my favorite. You know what would be epic would be really good if they did a remake with James Bond and they called it on Golden Bond and it's right bond. No it wouldn't. When he's older and it's. No. You need this vacation really badly. Yeah you do. Like you really, really need it. No don't get off me. Get off me. You've got to rest as much as possible. Don't go spit. All the voices. All the voices. I'm here for you. I'm here for you. Get a bit of air. Get off. You're going to break my hip. Get off Golden Bond. What crossover event I've ever. Stephanie don't. Don't workshop things on the air. Especially not in the water. You know what? There's somebody out there that is appreciating on Golden Bond. And I'm. Yeah. Yeah. Don't patronize her. Please. Please don't encourage this. Please. Please don't. You know what? You end up in it. You end up in Golden Bond and then. Lights. I'm running lights. I'm doing. I'm pulling the curtain. I'm in charge of crossbows. Oh no. You're doing the fifth act closer. That's what you're doing. Yes and that too. Y'all mind I'm shining. No. No I'm not. Get off me. I think I could laugh. You can mute your microphone. I could. Okay I'm laughing as hard as I was at the fraud at an hour one. Okay. All right. Here's my point. Why are we playing mob music? I know. Because you asked me to. Oh because this is also. And the song is over now. Okay. We think Glenn Kirsh. Okay then switch to Sopranos. Okay we think Glenn Kirsh here thinks the Mary Trump New York Times suit is to you know distract from the Weisselberg trial because his attorney said there's more indictments coming right. This is fantastic. York prosecutors are attempting to exploit a Shakespearean internal conflict of the Trump organization between two rival dynasties as they aim to crack the company's mob like code of silence. Trump aware of this prosecutor strategy has been reminding employees to stick together and stay strong as a mob boss does. The internal conflict pits the Weisselberg family against the Calamari family. Matty the Squid. Matty the Squid Junior and Senior. They hate each other. It's a war said Ellen Weisselberg's daughter Jen Jennifer the enmity between the Weisselbergs and the Calamaris. They just I can't with the squid family dates back decades and it centers around their unwavering love of Trump the boss. The longtime associates described a Shakespearean conflict of rival dynasties with Duke's coming competing for the king's favor. That's that orange blob him. You can't they I refuse to let them use the word Shakespearean. This is not Shakespearean at best it's Hanna Barbera maybe but it is not Shakespearean. You cannot call that Shakespearean. They work this out the high flu. Can't they just somebody just whack off a wedge of lemon cocktail sauce and just work this out. I don't know lightly patter it. Yeah you need to bread it and fry it and marinara it. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Just serve you with a side of lemon. Yes. As I always say fight fight fight you're all awful big bag of rats. Who cares who wins. Oh my god I wish I knew where they were so that we could instigate. I would love to run between these houses instigate. Did you hear what they said about you over at the Weisselberg house? Did you hear what they said? Oh my god. And the Calamaris are all like you should not put up with that. You should not put up with that. Oh my gosh well it looks like the long tentacles of the law are coming from the Calamaris. I can go all day. I can go all day. I haven't even come up with a Shakespeare parody yet for this whole thing after on Golden Bond. I mean I'm on fire. I don't care what any of you say. Comedy of errors. No. I'm working costumes. That's all I'm saying. Oh she's on vacation in 39 minutes. Angela you're on vacation. You're on- You're on- I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation. I'm on vacation.